Testinside
Testinside -help you pass any IT exam!
Exam : Oracle 1Z0-043
Title : Oracle Database 10g:
Administration II
Version : V2.08
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
Important Note, Please Read Carefully
Other TestInside products
All TestInside IT Exam Products
Our products of Offline Testing Engine
Use the offline Testing engine product to practice the questions in an exam environment.
Build a foundation of knowledge which will be useful also after passing the exam.
TestInside Testing Engine
Latest Version
We are constantly reviewing our products. New material is added and old material is revised. Free
updates are available for 90 days after the purchase. You should check your member zone at TestInside
and update 3-4 days before the scheduled exam date.
Here is the procedure to get the latest version:
1.Go to http://www.TestInside.com
2. Log in the User Center
3.The latest versions of all purchased products are downloadable from here. Just click the links.
Feedback
If you spot a possible improvement then please let us know. We always interested in improving product
quality.
Feedback should be send to sales(at)TestInside.com. You should include the following: Exam number,
version, page number, question number, and your login Account.
Our experts will answer your mail promptly.
Explanations
This product does not include explanations at the moment. If you are interested in providing explanations
for this exam, please contact sales(at)TestInside.com.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
1. You observe that a database performance has degraded over a period of time. While investigating the
reason, you find that the size of the database buffer cache is not large enough to cache all the needed data
blocks.
Which advisory component would you refer to, in order to determine that required size of the database
buffer cache?
A. Memory Advisor
B. Segment Advisor
C. SQL Tuning Advisor
D. SQL Access Advisor
E. Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM)
Answer: A
2. In your production database, the total waits and the time waited for log file parallel write are significantly
high. While investigating the reason, you find that there are three redo log groups with two members in
each group, and all redo log members are places on a single physical disk.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
What action would you take to minimize the waits?
A. start the log writer slave processes
B. increase the number of redo log files
C. increase the size of the redo log buffer
D. place the redo log files on the different disks
E. increase the number of log writer processes
Answer: D
3. One of the tablespace is read-only in your database. The loss of all control files forced you to recreate the
control file.
Which operation do you need to perform after re-creating the control file and opening the database?
A. drop and re-create the read-only tablespaces
B. rename the read-only data files to their correct file names
C. change the tablespace status from read/write to read-only
D. re-create the read-only tablespace because it is automatically removed
Answer: B
4. You have set some of the initialization parameters as:
DB_BLOCK_SIZE = 8KB
SGA_MAX_SIZE = 2GB
SGA_TARGET = 0
SHARED_POOL_SIZE = 120MB
DB_CACHE_SIZE = 896MB
STREAM_POOL_SIZE = 0
LARGE_POOL_SIZE = 110 MB
Which two statements are correct? (Choose two.)
You cannot set a value for the DB_8K_CACHE_SIZE parameter.
A. You cannot set a value for the DB_8K_CACHE_SIZE parameter.
B. If you increase the size of the large pool to 120 MB, then the memory allocated to the shared poll will be
reduced to 110 MB.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
C. If the value for SGA_TARGET is changed to 1 GB and SHARED_POOL_SIZE is set to 120 MB, then
memory cannot be taken from the shared pool, even if the shared pool has free space available.
D. If an application attempts to allocate more than 120 MB from the shared pool and free space is available
in the buffer pool, then the free space from the buffer pool is allocated to the shared pool.
Answer: AC
5. You are performing a block media recovery on the tools01.dbf data file in the SALES database using
RMAN. Which two statements are correct in this scenario? (Choose two.)
A. You must ensure that the SALES database is mounted or open.
B. You must restore a backup control file to perform a block media recovery.
C. You must take the tools01.dbf data file offline before you start a block media recovery.
D. You must put the database in NOARCHIVELOG mode to perform a block media recovery.
E. You can perform only a complete media recovery of individual blocks, point-in-time recovery of individual
data blocks is not supported.
Answer: AE
6. You executed the following command to perform a backup of the USERS tablespace:
RMAN > BACKUP TABLESPACE USERS;
Which type of backup would this command perform?
A. backup set
B. image copy
C. incremental backup
D. None; the user receives an error indicating that the backup type must be specified.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
Answer: A
7. In your database, online redo log files are multiplexed and one of the members in a group is lost due to
media failure?
How would you recover the lost redo log member?
A. import the database from the last export
B. restore all the members in the group from the last backup
C. drop the lost member from the database and then add a new member to the group
D. restore all the database files from the backup and then perform a complete recovery
E. restore all the database files from the backup and then perform an incomplete recovery
Answer: C
8. You are using Oracle Database 10g. Which statement regarding an incomplete recovery is true?
A. You do not need to restore all the data files.
B. You do not need to open the database with the RESETLOGS operation
C. You do not need to perform a full backup after the RESETLOGS operation.
D. You do not need to recover all the data files to the same system change number (SCN).
Answer: C
9. View the Exhibit and examine the Resource Manager settings for the groups at different levels.
Which two effects would be the result of this setting? (Choose two.)
A. The members of LOW_GROUP would get more priority than those of OTHER_GROUPS.
B. The members of SYS_GROUP would get most of the CPU allocation at level 1.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
C. The members of LOW_GROUP would get most of the CPU allocation because it has CPU allocation at
two different levels.
D. The members of LOW_GROUP would get no CPU allocation at level1 if the members of
OTHER_GROUPS are using all the CPU at level 2.
E. The members of SYS_GROUP would get no CPU allocation at level 1 if the members of
OTHER_GROUPS are using all the CPU at level 2.
Answer: AB
10. The current time zone for one of the user sessions is set to the database local time zone. For one
application, the user session requires the time zone to be set to the local operating system time zone
without affecting other user sessions.
Which two solutions could the user implement to achieve this objective? (Choose two.)
A. use the ALTER SYSTEM command to change the time zone
B. use the ALTER SESSION command to change the time zone
C. use the ALTER DATABASE command to change the time zone
D. set the value for the operating system variable ORA_SDTZ on the client machine
E. set the value for the operating system variable ORA_SDTZ on the database server machine
Answer: BD
11. You work as a database administrator at Company.com. Your database is open and running in
ARCHIVELOG mode. You take RMAN full backups every Sunday night. On Monday morning, while
querying the user1.employees table, you receive the following error message:
01578: ORACLE data block corrupted (file # 5, block # 51) ORA-01110: data file 5:
¡®/u01/app/oracle/oradata/orcl/example01.dbf¡¯
You need to rectify the corruption while ensuring the following:
The data file should remain online.
The mean time to recover (MTTR) should be minimal.
You are not using a backup control file and all the archived logs are accessible. Which option would you
choose?
A. flash back the corrupted blocks
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
B. use the DBMS_REPAIR package
C. use the RMAN TSPITR command
D. use the RMAN BLOCKRECOVER command
E. use the RESTORE DATABASE and RECOVER DATABASE commands
F. investigate the time at which the corruption occurred and perform a point-in-time recovery
Answer: D
12. You are working on an Oracle Database 10g database. You enabled the Flashback Database feature.
Which two statements regarding flashback logs are true? (Choose two.)
A. Flashback logs are not archived.
B. Flashback logs are maintained in redo log files.
C. Flashback logs are maintained in the Flash Recovery Area.
D. Flashback logs are used to maintain Flashback Database related errors.
E. Flashback logs need to be cleared manually after you disable Flashback Database.
Answer: AC
13. You executed the following query:
SELECT operation, undo_sql, table_name
FROM flashback_transaction_query;
Which statement is correct regarding the query output?
A. It would return information regarding only the last committed transaction.
B. It would return only the active transactions in all the undo segments in the database.
C. It would return only the committed transactions in all the undo segments in the database.
D. It would return both active and committed transactions in all the undo segments in the database.
E. It would return information regarding the transactions that began and were committed in the last 30
minutes.
Answer: D
14. Consider the following configuration:
/devices/D1 is a member of disk group dgroupA.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
/devices/D2 is a member of disk group dgroupA.
/devices/D3 is a member of disk group dgroupA.
You plan to add a new disk, /devices/D4, to the disk group dgroupA.
You execute the following command:
SQL> ALTER DISKGROUP dgroupAADD DISK ¡®/devices/D*¡¯;
Which task would be accomplished by the command?
A. The command adds the new disk, D4, to the disk group.
B. The command would result in an error because the is no disk by the name ¡°¡¯/devices/D*¡¯¡±
C. The command will be ignored because disks starting with ¡°D¡± are already members of the disk group.
D. The command would result in an error because no wildcard characters can be used in the disk name.
E. The command first detaches all the member disks starting with ¡°D¡±, and the reattaches them Including
the new disk.
Answer: A
15. You work as a database administrator at Company.com. In your production database there is a job,
CALC_STAT, which has been scheduled to run every Friday at 5.00 p.m. CALC_STAT updates the
optimizer statistics for the objects owned by the APPS schema. You want the task to be generic, thereby
allowing users to modify the attributes of the task at run time without affecting the original task. Which
component of Oracle Scheduler must you define to achieve this?
A. Window
B. Program
C. Job class
D. Window group
Answer: B
16. Immediately after adding a new disk to or removing an existing disk from an Automatic Storage
Management (ASM) instance, you find that the performance of the database decreases initially, until the
addition or removal process is completed. Performance then gradually returns to normal levels. Which two
activities could you perform to maintain a consistent performance of the database while adding or removing
disks? (Choose two.)
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
A. increase the number of checkpoint processes
B. define the POWER option while adding or removing the disks
C. increase the number of DBWR processes by setting up a higher value for DB_WRITER_PROCESSES
D. increase the number of slave database writer processes by setting up a higher value for
DBWR_IO_SLAVES
E. increase the number of ASM Rebalance processes by setting up a higher value for ASM_POWER_LIMIT
during the disk addition or removal
Answer: BE
17. The current time is 12:00 noon. You want to recover the USERS tablespace from a failure that occurred
at 11:50 a.m. You discover that the only member of an unarchived redo log group containing information
from 11:40 a.m. onwards is corrupt.
With reference to this scenario, if you are not using Recovery Manager (RMAN), which recovery method
would you use?
A. time-based recovery
B. log sequence recovery
C. cancel-based recovery
D. change-based recovery
Answer: C
18. You lost the PRODSTD tablespace, which was read/write. The tablespace was read-only when the last
backup was performed. How would you recover the tablespace?
A. restore the tablespace from the backup; there is no need to apply the redo information
B. restore the full database to recover the data up to the point when you performed the backup
C. restore the tablespace from the backup and then perform a recovery using the backup control file
D. restore the tablespace from the backup and then recover the tablespace; all the redo information from
the point when the tablespace was made read/write is applied
Answer: D
19. You are using an Automatic Storage Management (ASM) instance to manage the files of your
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
production database. You have two disk groups, DG1 and DG2 with one device each.
In the parameter file of the production database, the following parameters have been specified:
DB_CREATE_ONLINE_LOG_DEST_1 = ¡®+dg1¡¯
DB_CREATE_ONLINE_LOG_DEST_2 = ¡®+dg2¡¯
What would be the impact of this setting?
A. When a new log group is added, it would have one member in each disk group.
B. When a new log group is added, it would have two members in each disk group.
C. When a new tablespace is added, it would have one data file in each disk group.
D. When a new log file is added, it would have one member spread across the disk groups.
Answer: A
20. An RMAN backup job fails, displaying the following error:
ORA-19809: limit exceeded for recovery files
Your analysis shows that the Flash Recovery area is full. Which two actions could you take to resolve the
error and avoid this error in the future? (Choose two.)
A. take the backup of the flash recovery area less frequently
B. increase the value of the UNDO_RETENTION initialization parameter
C. change the value of the WORKAREA_SIZE_POLICY initialization parameter to AUTO
D. change the backup retention policy to retain the backups for a smaller period of time
E. increase the value of the DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST_SIZE initialization parameter
F. increase the value of the CONTROL_FILE_RECORD_KEEP_TIME initialization parameter
Answer: DE
21. Your database operates in ARCHIVELOG mode. User-managed consistent backups are performed
every Sunday night.
On Tuesday, client A drops a table at 8:00 a.m. as follows:
SQL> DROP TABLE cust_ord PURGE;
Table dropped.
Client B executes a query at 9:00 a.m. on the same table as follows:
SQL> SELECT * FROM cust_ord;
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
SELECT * FROM cust_ord
*
ERROR at line 1:
ORA-00942: table or view does not exist
Client B needs the dropped table and reports the problem to you.
With reference to this scenario, which action should you take?
A. retrieve the table by using the flashback feature
B. restore all the data files from last Sunday¡¯s backup and then perform a time-based recovery
C. restore all the data files from last Sunday¡¯s backup and then perform a log sequence recovery
D. restore all the data files from last Sunday¡¯s backup and then perform a cancel-based recovery
E. restore from last Sunday¡¯s backup only data files that belong to the tablespace in which the table was
stored and then perform a complete recovery
Answer: E
22. You performed an incomplete recovery on your Oracle Database 10g database using the following
command:
SQL> RECOVER DATABASE
2 UNTIL TIME ¡®2004-08-05:12:10:03¡¯
3 USING BACKUP CONTROLFILE;
In which situation would the above recovery be required?
A. A user table was lost at the specified time.
B. A redo log file was lost at the specified time.
C. The backup control file is on a faster disk than the current one.
D. The current control file has a different path compared with the intended time of recovery.
E. The current control file does not match the physical structure of the database at the intended time of
recovery.
Answer: E
23. While creating a job class using the DBMS_SCHEDULER package, you set the logging level to
LOGGING_RUNS. What would be the impact of this setting?
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
A. Oracle Scheduler would write detailed information to the job log for each run of each job in the job class.
B. Oracle Scheduler would write detailed information to the job log for the first run of each job in the job
class.
C. Oracle Scheduler would write detailed information to the job log for each run of only the first job in the job
class.
D. Oracle Scheduler would write detailed information for all operations performed on all jobs in the job
class.
Answer: A
24. You are designing an application for Company.com and you have been asked to design a database
table to facilitate monthly bill generation. The bill would include details of customer calls, listed in
chronological order.
Which method would you follow to achieve this objective without increasing the overhead of sorting the
rows?
A. create a hash cluster to store the data
B. create an index cluster to store the data
C. create a partitioned table to store the data
D. create a sorted hash cluster to store the data
E. create a heap table with rowid to store the data
Answer: D
25. You set the recovery window to seven days and the backup optimization to ON using the CONFIGURE
command of Recovery Manager (RMAN). The most recent backup of the TOOLS tablespace to disk was
taken on January 3. The TOOLS tablespace is read-only.
On February 21, when you execute a command to back up all the tablespaces to disk, you find that RMAN
backs up the TOOLS tablespace also, even though the contents of the tablespace have not changed after
the backup on January 3.
Because there are no changes made to the TOOLS tablespace, you decide that the tablespace should not
be backed up by RMAN. What can you do to skip backing up the TOOLS tablespace without changing the
current backup optimization setting?
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
A. configure a default device for RMAN backups
B. temporarily disable the retention policy for RMAN backups
C. configure automatic channel allocation for RMAN backups
D. use the CONFIGURE command to reconfigure the recovery window to 60 days
Answer: B
26. You want to configure the Flashback Database feature and retain flashback logs for three days.
The steps used in this process are:
Set the retention target:
SQL> ALTER SYSTEM SET DB_FLASHBACK_RETENTION_TARGET=4320;
Enable Flashback Database:
SQL> ALTER DATABASE FLASHBACK ON;
Mount the database:
SQL> STARTUP MOUNT EXCLUSIVE;
Shut down the instance:
SQL> SHUTDOWN IMMEDIATE;
Open the database:
SQL> ALTER DATABASE OPEN;
In what sequence would you need to perform these steps to enable the Flashback Database feature?
A. D, C, A, D, E
B. D, A, C, B, E
C. B, D, C, E, A
D. D, B, E, C, A
Answer: A
27. In which scenarios would you rebuild an index? (Choose all that apply.)
A. when you need to disable the index usage
B. when you need to change storage options
C. when you need to enable index monitoring
D. when you need to move the index to another table space
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
Answer: BD
28. You enabled Automatic Shared Memory Management. The initialization parameters are set as shown
below:
SGA_TARGET= 10GB
SGA_MAX_SIZE = 14GB
STREAMS_POOL_SIZE = 1GB
SHARED_POOL_SIZE = 3GB
Which two statements are correct in this scenario? (Choose two.)
A. A maximum of 3 GB can be allocated to shared pool.
B. The value for SGA_TARGET can be increased up to a maximum of 15 GB.
C. A total of 14 GB memory will be allocated to the automatically tuned memory components.
D. Increasing the value for SGA_TARGET will automatically increase the memory allocated for
STREAMS_POOL_SIZE.
E. Increasing the value for SGA_TARGET to 12 GB will automatically increase the memory allocated to
autotuned parameters.
F. Reducing the value for SGA_TARGET to 9 GB will automatically decrease the memory allocated to
shared pool from 3 GB to 2 GB.
Answer: BE
29. Which statement correctly describes the change tracking writer (CTWR) background process?
A. It keeps track of changes in the background processes.
B. It records the system change number (SCN) in the control file.
C. It writes audit records for user changes to the change tracking file.
D. It records any changes to the listened configuration in the listener.ora file.
E. It records any changes to the database parameters in the change tracking file.
F. It records the physical location of all the changes that are made to the database in the change tracking
file.
Answer: F
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
Explanation:
Subject: New Background Processes In 10g
Doc ID: Note: 268197.1 Type: HOW TO
Last Revision Date: 18-JUL-2005 Status:
PUBLISHED CTWR
=====
This is a new process Change Tracking Writer (CTWR) which works with the new block changed tracking
features in 10g for fast RMAN incremental backups.
Subject: RMAN 10g : How To Size the Block Change Tracking File Doc ID: Note:306112.1 Type: HOW TO
Last Revision Date: 22-MAY-2005 Status: REVIEWED
The information in this document applies to:
Oracle Server - Enterprise Edition - Version: 10.1.0.0 to 10.2.0.0
Information in this document applies to any platform.
Goal
This is a clarification of the documentation for sizing the Block Change Tracking File.
Block Change Tracking is used to optimize incremental backups. A new file is introduced:
- Changed blocks are tracked by the CTWR background process as redo is generated
- Database backups automatically use the change tracking file Sizing of this file is important, and even
though you can use
V$BLOCK_CHANGE_TRACKING view to monitor the usage, it may in some cases not be easy to change
the size, ie when using raw
devices.
30. You work as a database administrator at Company.com. In your production database, you
observe that users¡¯ transactions are consuming a lot of resource and you plan to impose resource
restrictions by using Resource Manager.
For which three resources can you enable usage restrictions by using Resource Manager?
(Choose three.)
A. CPU usage
B. degree of parallelism
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
C. number of open cursors
D. number of sorts performed
E. idle time for blocking sessions
F. number of disk I/O operations performed
G. number of memory I/O operations performed
Answer: ABE
31. You have specified the warning and critical threshold values of an application tablespace to be 60% and
70% respectively. From the tablespace space usage metrics, you find that the actual space usage has
reached the specified warning threshold value, but no alerts have been generated. What could be the
reason for this?
A. The EVENT parameter was not set.
B. The SQL_TRACE parameter is set to FALSE.
C. The Enterprise Manager Grid Control is not used.
D. The STATISTICS_LEVEL parameter is set to BASIC.
E. The TIMED_STATISTICS parameter is set to FALSE.
Answer: D
32. You executed the following command in Recovery Manager (RMAN) against your Oracle 10g database:
RMAN> REPORT NEED BACKUP days 3;
What would be the output of this command?
A. a list of files that require a backup within three days
B. a list of files that have not been backed up for three days
C. a list of files that RMAN recommends be backed up only once in every three days, based on low volatility
D. a list of files for which a backup has already been performed and may need a backup after three days
Answer: B
33. Your database operates in ARCHIVELOG mode. The redo log files are not multiplexed and one of the
online redo logs is missing. The missing redo log sequence, 230, is not archived and it contained
information from 10:35 a.m. onwards.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
The current time is 11:00 a.m. Because of a disk crash, you executed the following command to perform an
incomplete recovery:
RMAN> RUN {
2> SET UNTIL SEQUENCE 230 THREAD 1;
3> ALTER DATABASE MOUNT;
4> RESTORE DATABASE;
5> RECOVER DATABASE;
6> ALTER DATABASE OPEN RESETLOGS;
7> };
With reference to this scenario, which statement is true?
A. RMAN recovers up to log sequence 230, but not including 230.
B. RMAN returns an error because the log sequence number mentioned in the command should be 229.
C. RMAN returns an error because the log sequence number mentioned in the command may never be
missing.
D. RMAN recovers up to and including log sequence 229 but then returns an error because log sequence
230 is missing.
Answer: A
34. In your database, all the tablespaces are locally managed. You started Recovery Manager (RMAN)
using recovery catalog and restored the control file by using the following command:
RMAN> RESTORE CONTROLFILE;
Which two operations do you need to perform after restoring the control file from backup? (Choose two.)
A. shut down and restart the instance
B. add new tempfiles to the temporary tablespaces after recovery
C. perform a media recovery and open the database with the RESETLOGS option
D. perform a media recovery and bring the database to NOARCHIVELOG mode
Answer: BC
35. While designing your database, you have created the EMPLOYEES table as an index-organized (IOT).
You want to create a bitmap index on the JOD_ID column to make queries faster.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
Which task must have been completed so that you are able to create the bitmap index?
A. A primary key must have been created.
B. A mapping table must have been created.
C. An overflow tablespace must have been specified.
D. The PCTTHRESHOLD option must have been specified.
Answer: B
36. One of the important tables in the USERS tablespace was dropped and purged from the recycle bin at
9:00 a.m. You noticed this at 11:00 a.m. and you want to perform an incomplete recovery to recover the
table.
Which statement is true?
A. You must recover all data files to the required system change number (SCN).
B. You must recover all data files, except those that are offline, to the required SCN.
C. You must recover all data files belonging to the USERS tablespace to the required SCN.
D. You cannot recover all data files because segment space management is performed manually for the
undo tablespace.
Answer: B
37. You work as a database administrator at Company.com. Your production database uses an Automatic
Storage Management (ASM) instance to manage its files. You want to add a new disk group to the ASM
instance to manage the increased data load.
What action would you perform to include the new disk group in the ASM instance without causing any
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
impact on the currently connected users?
A. mount the new disk group in the ASM instance
B. restart the ASM instance and the production database instance
C. register the new disk groups in the production database instance
D. restart the ASM instance without restarting the production database instance
E. include the new disk group in the ASM_DISKSTRING parameter in the parameter file and restart the
ASM instance
Answer: A
38. The DB_BLOCK_CHECKING initialization parameter is set to TRUE. What would be the result of this
setting on the data blocks being written to the datafiles, every time the DBWn writes?
A. The Oracle database will check all data blocks by going through the data on each block, making sure the
data is self-consistent.
B. The DBWn and the direct loader will calculate a checksum and store it in the cache header of every data
block when writing it to disk.
C. The Oracle database will check data blocks belonging to the SYSTEM tablespace only, by going through
the data on each block, making sure the data is self-consistent.
D. The Oracle database will check data blocks belonging to the SYSAUX tablespace only, by going through
the data on each block, making sure the data is self-consistent.
E. The Oracle database will check data blocks in the SYSTEM and SYSAUX tablespaces only, by going
through the data on each block, making sure the data is self-consistent.
Answer: A
39. In your production database you want to use an Automatic Storage Management (ASM) instance to
manage the database files.
Which option would you use to migrate the database files from a non-ASM instance to an ASM instance?
A. Oracle Migration Assistant
B. Recovery Manager (RMAN)
C. Oracle Data Pump Export and Import
D. conventional Oracle Export and Import
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
E. operating system utilities to copy the files to the ASM instance
Answer: B
40. In the parameter file of your production database, the CONTROL_FILE_RECORD_KEEP_TIME
parameter is set to 31. What would be the impact of this setting on the backup that is being performed by
using Recovery Manager (RMAN)?
A. The backup would be retained on the media for 31 days.
B. The backup would be maintained in the recovery catalog for 31 days.
C. The backup metadata would be retained in the control file for 31 days.
D. The backup metadata would be maintained in the recovery catalog for 31 days.
E. Automatic backups of the control file will be retained in the flash recovery area for 31 days.
Answer: C
41. You decided to change the location of the flash recovery area. You executed the following command:
ALTER SYSTEM SET DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST=¡¯+disk1¡¯ SCOPE=BOTH SID=¡¯*¡¯;
Which statement is true?
A. The location can be changed only if the flash recovery area is empty.
B. After executing the command, all new flash recovery area files will be created in the new location.
C. The command will generate an error because you cannot change the flash recovery area while the
database is open.
D. All the existing files in the flash recovery area will be moved to the new location and all new Flash
Recovery Area files will be created in the new location.
Answer: B
42. A user has inserted wrong department data in the DEPT3 table in the USERS tablespace. You use the
Flashback Table functionality to rectify the erroneous inserts. While performing the recovery, you choose
2004343 as the Flashback SCN.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
Which two statements are correct in this scenario? (Choose two.)
A. Only the row with DEPARTMENT_ID 290 would be flashed back.
B. The rows with DEPARTMENT_ID 290 and 300 would be flashed back.
C. The rows with DEPARTMENT_ID 290 and 280 would be flashed back.
D. You would have taken the USERS tablespace offline before starting the Flashback Table operation.
E. You would have enabled row movement for the DEPT3 table before starting the Flashback Table
operation.
Answer: BE
43. The database is currently running in the NOARCHIVELOG mode.
What would be the first step to configure Flashback Database?
A. Enable flashback logging.
B. Start the database in the ARCHIVELOG mode.
C. Issue the ALTER DATABASE FLASHBACK ON; command.
D. Set the FAST_START_MTTR_TARGET initialization parameter.
Answer: A
Explanation:
Here is the problem... the question ask "for the first step"...But the database MUST be in
archivelog mode and de flash recovey area MUST be enable, thus I belive the answer correct
would be A and B.Flashback Database uses its own logging mechanism, creating flashback logs
which are stored in the flash recovery area. You can only use Flashback Database if flashback
logs are available. Therefore, you must set up your database in advance to create flashback logs
if you want to take advantage of this feature.
The requirements for enabling Flashback Database are:
* Your database must be running in ARCHIVELOG mode, because archived logs are
used in the Flashback Database operation.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
* You must have a flash recovery area enabled, because flashback logs can only be stored
in the flash recovery area.
Reference.:
Oracle? 10g Backup and Recovery Basics, 5-2 and 5-9
44. Your database is running on the automatic Program Global Area (PGA) memory management and
Shared Memory Management mode. You want to increase the memory available for the SQL work areas.
What would you do?
A. modify the HASH_AREA_SIZE initialization parameter
B. modify the PGA_AGGREGATE_TARGET initialization parameter
C. modify the WORK_AREASIZE_POLICY initialization parameter
D. increase the value of the SGA_TARGET initialization parameter
E. increase the value of the SGA_MAX_SIZE initialization parameter
F. increase the value of the SORT_AREA_SIZE initialization parameter
Answer: B
45. On Tuesday, a junior DBA dropped an important application user account, whose schema has important
tables. You are asked to recover all the objects in the schema. On investigation, you find that the user
account was dropped at 11:00 a.m. and Sunday¡¯s backup is the most recent backup. Which flashback
feature would you use?
A. Flashback Drop
B. Flashback Table
C. Flashback Database
D. Flashback Version Query
E. Flashback Transaction Query
Answer: C
46. A redo log file is corrupted while the database is open; as a consequence, database operations are
stopped because archiving cannot continue.
What would you do to solve the problem?
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
A. clear the redo log group
B. perform redo log file import
C. perform an incomplete recovery
D. perform a redo log recovery using Recovery Manager (RMAN)
E. shut down the database and open the database in the NOARCHIVELOG mode
Answer: A
47. You are working on an Oracle Database 10g database. Because of data loss, you decided to perform a
Flashback Database operation using the following command:
SQL> FLASHBACK DATABASE TO TIMESTAMP(SYSDATE ?5/24);
Which two statements are true? (Choose two.)
A. SYSDATE should not be used with TIMESTAMP.
B. The database must have multiplexed redo log files.
C. The database must be in the MOUNT state to execute the command.
D. The database must be opened with the RESETLOGS option after the flashback operation.
E. The entire database needs to be restored from the most recent backup before the flashback operation.
Answer: CD
Explanation:
The database must be mounted in exclusive mode to issue the FLASHBACK
DATABASE command and must be opened with the RESETLOGS option when finished.
48. You work as a database administrator at Company.com. In your test database, you find that a user¡¯s
session is executing a lot of SQL statements, resulting in the generation of a large number of trace files.
While investigating the reason, you find that SQL trace has been enabled at the instance level. You want to
disable SQL trace, remotely, only for that user session to reduce the volume of trace data being generated.
How do you achieve this objective?
A. by setting the SQL_TRACE parameter to FALSE in the parameter file
B. by using DBMS_MONITOR.SESSION_TRACE_DISABLE to disable the tracing for the user session
C. by setting the SQL_TRACE parameter to FALSE by using the ALTER SYSTEM command in the user
session
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
D. by setting the SQL_TRACE parameter to FALSE by using the ALTER SESSION command in the user
session
Answer: B
49. You execute the following command to enable a session in resumable mode:
SQL> ALTER SESSION ENABLE RESUMABLE TIMEOUT 60;
What is the impact of a timeout on the statements being suspended?
A. The statements remain suspended for at least 60 seconds.
B. The statements are suspended for 60 seconds and then they are executed.
C. The suspended statements error out if the problem is not rectified within 60 seconds.
D. The statements are automatically suspended 60 seconds after an error is received, and then attempt to
execute normally again.
Answer: C
50. You are managing an Oracle Database 10g database that uses Oracle Managed Files (OMF).
You enabled the block change tracking feature for the database.
Which statement regarding the change tracking file is true?
A. One block change tracking file is created for each data file. By default, the file is created in
DB_CREATE_FILE_DEST.
B. One block change tracking file is created for each data file. By default, the file is created in
BACKGROUND_DUMP_DEST.
C. One block change tracking file is created for the database. By default, the file is created in
DB_CREATE_FILE_DEST.
D. One block change tracking file is created for the database. By default, the file is created in
BACKGROUND_DUMP_DEST.
Answer: C
51. You want to use the SQL Tuning Advisor to generate recommendations for badly written SQL
statements in your development environment. Which three sources can you select for the advisor to
analyze? (Choose three.)
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
A. Top SQL
B. snapshots
C. SQL Tuning sets
D. index access path
E. optimizer statistics
F. materialized view logs
Answer: ABC
52. The loss of which two types of files may require a recovery with the RESETLOGS option? (Choose
two.)
A. control files
B. password file
C. archived log files
D. system-critical data files for which all the redo entries are present
E. non-system-critical data files for which all the redo entries are present
Answer: AC
53. There was media failure and you need to check the data files for any block corruption. Which option
would you use to create a report on any corruptions found within the database?
A. the DBNEWID utility
B. the DBVERIFY utility
C. the ANALYZE command
D. the RMAN REPORT command
E. the RMAN CROSSCHECK command
F. the CHECK_OBJECT procedure of the DBMS_REPAIR package
Answer: B
54. You find that the execution time of reports in your data warehouse application is significantly high.
You suspect the lack of indexes to be the reason for the degradation in performance.
Which advisory component would you refer to, in order to determine the appropriate indexes?
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
A. Memory Advisor
B. Segment Advisor
C. SQL Access Advisor
D. Automatic Workload Repository (AWR)
E. Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM)
Answer: C
55. You have created a resource plan, PROD_DB_PLAN, with the following consumer groups with the
respective plan directives:
Consumer group SALES with CPU_P1 as 60 and DEGREE_OF_PARALLELISM as 4.
Consumer group MARKET with CPU_P1 as 20.
Consumer group DEV with CPU_P1 as 20.
Consumer group OTHERS with CPU_P1 as 0 and CPU_P2 as 100.
Which two statements are correct in this scenario? (Choose two.)
A. The maximum degree of parallelism for the members of the consumer groups is 4.
B. The CPU allocation will always be equal for the consumer groups MARKET and DEV.
C. The OTHERS consumer group would get 100% of the CPU if there are unused level 1 CPU resources.
D. The SALES and MARKET consumer groups would get 100% of the CPU if there are unused level 2 CPU
resources.
E. The maximum degree of parallelism for the members of the consumer group SALES is 4 with no
restriction for the remaining groups.
Answer: CE
56. A user executes a query on the EMP table, which contains thousands of rows, to get details about
employees in one of the departments. The user receives the following error:
SQL> SELECT ename FROM emp WHERE deptno=10 ORDER BY sal;
SELECT ename FROM emp WHERE deptno=10 ORDER BY sal
ERROR at line 1:
ORA-01157: cannot identify/lock data file 201 ¨C see DBWR trace file
ORA-01110: data file 201: ¡®/u01/app/oracle/oradata/orcl/temp01.dbf¡¯
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
What is a possible reason?
A. The tempfile belonging to the default temporary tablespace is missing.
B. The database is opened in restricted mode, so queries are not allowed
C. The default temporary tablespace required to execute the query is offline.
D. The default temporary tablespace required to execute the query is dropped.
E. The default temporary tablespace required to execute the query is read-only.
Answer: A
57. You executed the following command in Recovery Manager (RMAN):
RMAN> RESTORE CONTROLFILE;
Which operation must you perform before this command is executed?
A. back up the control file to trace
B. bring database to the MOUNT state
C. open a connection to the RMAN recovery catalog, which contains the RMAN metadata for the target
database
D. set the database ID (DBID), but only if the DB_NAME parameter associated with the target database is
unique in the recovery catalog
Answer: C
58. Using Database Control, you have scheduled a job to shrink the TRANS table residing on the TT
tablespace. The job would run at 5:00 p.m. every Friday.
When you examine the space usage of the table after the completion of the job, you find that the table has
not been shrunk.
What could have been the reason for this?
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
A. The tablespace that contains the TRANS table is online.
B. The tablespace that contains the TRANS table is permanent.
C. The tablespace that contains the TRANS table is locally managed.
D. The segment space management of the tablespace that contains the TRANS table is manual in nature.
Answer: D
59. The warning and critical threshold values have been set to 85% and 97%, respectively, for one of the
tablespaces. The current tablespace space usage is 54%. You modify the warning threshold to be 50 % and
critical threshold to be 53% in Database Control.
Which statement is true?
A. The new setting would be applied but no alerts would be raised immediately.
B. The new setting would be applied and an alert would be raised immediately.
C. The new setting would be ignored because the tablespace space usage is more than the specified
threshold value.
D. The new setting would cause an error because the tablespace space usage is more than the specified
threshold value.
Answer: A
60. You defined the Recovery Manager (RMAN) retention policy to recovery window of 7 days by executing
the following command:
RMAN> CONFIGURE RETENTION POLICY TO RECOVERYWINDOW OF 7 DAYS;
When a backup is performed, what would be the status of this backup after seven days?
A. The backup would be marked as invalid.
B. The backup would be marked as obsolete.
C. The backup would be removed from the media.
D. The backup would be removed from the RMAN repository.
Answer: B
61. You work as a database administrator at Company.com. You are working in an online transaction
processing (OLTP) environment. You realize that the salary for an employee, John, has been accidentally
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
modified in the EMPLOYEES table. Two days ago, the data was in the correct state.
Flashback logs generated during last two days are available in the flash recovery area.
Which option would you choose to bring the data to the correct state while ensuring that no other data in the
same table is affected?
A. perform point-in-time recovery
B. perform a Flashback Table operation to restore the table to the state it was in two days ago
C. perform a Flashback Database operation to restore the database to the state it was in two days ago
D. perform Flashback Versions Query and Flashback Transaction Query to determine all the necessary
undo SQL statements, and then use them for recovery
Answer: D
62. When performing a backup using Recovery Manager (RMAN), which four types of files can be backed
up with the RMAN BACKUP command? (Choose four.)
A. data file
B. password file
C. archivelog file
D. temporary file
E. online redo log file
F. the current control file
G. the tnsnames.ora file
H. current server parameter file
Answer: AEFH
63. You were recently hired by Company.com as a database administrator. You are asked to find out
whether the currently functional listener process, named L1, has been password protected or not.
You are not familiar with the file system of the new organization.
How would you accomplish the task?
A. by using the STATUS command of the Listener control utility
B. by using the STATUS L1 command of the Listener control utility
C. by using the SHOW RULES command of the Listener control utility
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
D. by using the SET PASSWORD command of the Listener control utility
E. by searching for the PASSWORD_LISTENER entry in the listener.ora file
Answer: B
64. These are the details about V$FLASHBACK_DATABASE_STAT:
SQL> DESC v$FLASHBACK_DATABASE_STAT
Name Null? Type
BEGIN_TIME DATE
END_TIME DATE
FLASHBACK_DATA NUMBER
DB_DATA NUMBER
REDO_DATA NUMBER
ESTIMATED_FLASHBACK_SIZE NUMBER
Which two statements regarding the V$FLASHBACK_DATABASE_STAT view are true? (Choose two.)
A. BEGIN_TIME is the time at which Flashback logging is enabled.
B. END_TIME is the time at which the query is executed on the view.
C. REDO_DATA is the number of bytes of redo data written during the interval.
D. This view contains information about flashback data pertaining to the last 24 hours.
E. FLASHBACK_DATA is the amount of flashback data generated since the database was opened.
Answer: CD
65. You lost a temporary file that belongs to the default temporary table space in your database.
From the options provided, which approach would you take to solve the problem?
A. flash back the database
B. import the temporary table space from the last export
C. restore all the data files and temporary files from the last full database backup and perform a recovery
D. not perform a recovery, but create a new temporary table space, make it the default temporary
tablespace and then drop the old tablespace
Answer: D
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
66. Which two statements are correct regarding the Oracle Flashback Drop feature? (Choose two.)
A. Recycle bin exists for the tables only in non-SYSTEM, locally managed tablespaces.
B. You can flash back a dropped table provided row movement has been enabled on the table.
C. If you drop an index before dropping its associated table, then the recovery of the index is not supported
when you flash back the dropped table.
D. When you execute the DROP TABLESPACE? INCLUDING CONTENTS command, the objects in the
tablespace are places in the recycle bin.
E. When a dropped table is moved to the recycle bin, only the table is renamed to a system generated
name; its associated objects and constraints are not renamed.
F. If you drop a table that is protected by the recycle bin, then associated bitmap-joined indexes and
materialized view logs are also stored in the recycle bin.
Answer: AC
67. You want to create a consumer group, GROUP1, and you execute the following command in the
command-line interface:
SQL> EXEC DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER.CREATE_CONSUMER_GROUP
(CONSUMER_GROUP =>¡¯group1¡¯, COMMENT => ¡®New Group¡¯);
This command errors out displaying the following message:
ERROR at line 1:
ORA-01031: insufficient privileges
ORA-06512: at ¡°SYS.DBMS_RMIN¡±, line 115
ORA-06512: at SYS.DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER¡±, line 108
ORA-06512: at line 1
What action would you take to overcome this error?
A. grant SYSDBA to the user
B. grant SYSOPER to the user
C. grant the RESOURCE role to the user
D. use the GRANT command to grant the ADMINISTER_RESOURCE_MANAGER privilege to the use
E. grant the ADMINISTER_RESOURCE_MANAGER privilege to the user by using the
DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER_PRIVS package
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
Answer: E
68. You noticed that the index tablespace in your database requires a recovery. However, instead of
performing a media recovery, you decided to re-create the indexes in a new tablespace.
Which two options would you use to reduce the time it takes to re-create the indexes? (Choose
two.)
A. ONLINE
B. REVERSE
C. PARALLEL
D. COMPRESS
E. NOLOGGING
F. COMPUTE STATISTICS
Answer: CE
69. In the parameter file of your production database, the FAST_START_MTTR_TARGET parameter is set
to 300 to optimize instance recovery. While observing the performance of the database during instance
recovery, you find that the redo log files are not sized properly to support this activity. Which two sources
could you use to determine the optimal size of the redo log files? (Choose two.)
A. the V$LOG view
B. the V$DBFILE view
C. the V$LOGFILE view
D. the V$INSTANCE_RECOVERY view
E. Oracle Enterprise Manager Database Control
Answer: DE
70. Why would you use the following FLASHBACK TABLE command?
FLASHBACK TABLE emp TO TIMESTAMP (¡¯11:45¡¯.¡¯hh12:mi¡¯);
A. to undo the changes made to the EMP table since the specified time
B. to restore the EMP table that was wrongly dropped from the database
C. to view the transactions that have modified the EMP table since the specified time
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
D. to view the changes made to the EMP table for one or more rows since the specified time
Answer: A
71. What effect should the loss of an index tablespace have on an Oracle instance that is running?
A. instance hangs
B. instance gets aborted
C. instance continues running
D. instance gets restarted automatically
Answer: C
72. By using the transaction identifier provided by ______ for a particular row change, you can use the
Flashback Transaction Query to see the operation performed by the transaction.
A. Flashback Table
B. Flashback Database
C. Flashback Version Query
D. The RMAN REPORT command
E. The DBA_PENDING_TRANSACTIONS view
Answer: C
73. You work as a database administrator at Company.com. Manually, you set the consumer group of all of
the newly created users to MYDB_GRP. You want the users to be able to change their consumer groups as
per the application requirement.
What was the first step that was needed in the process to achieve this objective?
A. The user must have been granted the DBA role.
B. The user must have been granted the switch privilege as a part of a role.
C. The user must have been granted the Resource Manager administrator privilege.
D. The user must have been granted the switch privilege by using the
DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER_PRIVS package.
Answer: D
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
74. While setting up the threshold for tablespace space usage metrics for one of your tablespaces, you
define the critical threshold as 60% and warning threshold as 75%.What would be the result of this setting?
A. It would result in an error because the warning threshold cannot be more than the critical threshold.
B. The warning threshold is ignored and alerts would be generated when space usage exceeds the critical
threshold.
C. The critical threshold is ignored and alerts would be generated when space usage exceeds the warning
threshold.
D. Both threshold values are used and alerts are generated when space usage exceeds the respective
threshold values.
Answer: A
75. You have created a resource plan, DB_PLAN, using
DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER.CREATE_SIMPLE_PLAN and you want to impose a restriction on
utilization of resources by the database users. Which step must be performed before you can start using
the resource plan?
A. assign users to consumer groups
B. set the resource plan for the instance
C. configure a simple resource plan and specify plan directives
D. configure a complex resource plan and specify plan directives
Answer: A
76. Viewing the Exhibit and examine the Flashback Database architecture.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
Identify the missing component (shown with a ¡°?`¡±= in the Flashback Database architecture.
A. DBWn
B. RVWR
C. ARCH
D. RECO
E. TRWR
Answer: B
77. Case 1:
1. Shut down the database and perform a backup.
2. Restore all the data files.
3. Mount the database.
4. Recover the database.
5. Without applying all the redo log files, open the database using the RESETLOGS option.
6. Back up the database.
Case 2:
1. Shut down the database and perform a backup.
2. Restore only the data files of the tablespace where user error damaged the data.
3. Mount the database.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
4. Recover the database.
5. Open the database with the RESETLOGS option.
6. Back up the database.
Case 3:
1. Shut down the database.
2. Restore the data files.
3. Open the database.
4. Perform recovery to the current point in time.
Which case has the correct steps for an incomplete recovery?
A. Only case 1
B. Only case 2
C. Only case 3
D. Case 1 and 2
E. Case 2 and 3
F. Case 1 and 3
G. All cases, case 1, case 2, case 3
Answer: A
78. You work as a database administrator at Company.com. You observe that the senior database
administrator always uses the following command when connecting to Recovery Manager (RMAN), and
then starts executing commands to backup the database files:
$ rman target /
What would be the effect of this command?
A. RMAN would use the current operating system location to place the backup.
B. RMAN would use the control file of the target database to maintain the backup.
C. RMAN would use the recovery catalog of the target database to maintain the backup.
D. RMAN would use the control file of the target database to maintain the backup metadata.
E. RMAN would use the recovery catalog of the target database to maintain the backup metadata.
Answer: D
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
79. You disabled the Flashback Database feature by using the following command:
SQL> ALTER DATABASE FLASHBACK OFF;
What would be the effect of this command on the existing flashback logs?
A. Flashback logs are not deleted.
B. Flashback logs are deleted automatically.
C. Flashback logs are deleted only if you are using Recovery Manager (RMAN)
D. Flashback logs are deleted only if you are using Oracle Manager Files (OFM)
E. Flashback logs are deleted only if you are using Automatic Storage Management (ASM)
Answer: B
80. You work as a database administrator at Company.com. The production database has been functional
for the last seven days. Because of application requirements, some of the initialization parameters were
changed during run time without any comments. You have asked to find out the value of the parameters
when the instance was started.
Which source would you use to locate this information?
A. Fixed views Page 28 of 62
B. The alert log file
C. The parameter file
D. The server parameter file
E. Dynamic performance views
Answer: B
81. You have a disk group, DGROUP1, with three disk and NORMAL redundancy. You execute the
following command to create a template for the disk group:
ALTER DISKGROUP dgroup1
ADD TEMPLATE my_temp
ATTRIBUTES (MIRROR FINE);
Which statement is true?
A. When a file is created in DGROUP1 with the template, it would have three-way mirroring.
B. When a file is created in DGROUP1, the MY_TEMP template becomes the default template.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
C. When a file is created in DGROUP1 with the template, it would have two-way mirroring and file striping.
D.When a file is created in DGROUP1 with the template, it would have three-way mirroring and file striping.
E. When a file is created in DGROUP1 with the template, it would have two-way mirroring but no file
striping.
Answer: C
82. You lost the index tablespace in your database. You are not able to use tablespace point-in-time
recovery on the index tablespace. What could be the reason for this?
A. The index tablespace contains bitmap indexes.
B. The index tablespace contains more than one data file.
C. The index tablespace supports only complete recovery.
D. The index tablespace is not a dictionary-managed tablespace.
E. There is a dependency relationship between a table and its indexes.
Answer: E
83. For the V$SESSION_LONGOPS view, you find that some of the database users have long-running
queries that consume a lot of CPU time. This causes performance problems for other users in the database,
who have much shorter queries.
You would like to make sure that the users with large queries do not use all the CPU time, but you still do
not want to terminate them with an error message.
Which method would you follow to achieve this?
A. Set the CPU time per call in the users profile.
B. Set the CPU time per session in the users profile.
C. Set the CPU levels for the user¡¯s group using Resource Manager.
D. Set the TIMED_STATISTICS parameter to TRUE in the parameter file.
Answer: C
84. View the Exhibit and examine the characteristic of the USERS tablespace.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
You observe that a large volume of inserts and deletes are happening on the TRANS table in the USERS
tablespace and you suspect that the TRANS table is fragmented.
Which advisory component would you refer to, in order to find information about table fragmentation?
A. Memory Advisor
B. Segment Advisor
C. SQL Tuning Advisor
D. SQL Access Advisor
E. Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM)
Answer: B
85. A data file become corrupted in your database due to bad sectors on the disk. Because of corruption,
you lost all the important tables in that data file.
Which method would you use for recovery?
A. Flash back all the tables in the data file, one by one.
B. Restore the data file to a new location and perform a media recovery.
C. Flash back the database, there is no need to restore the data file.
D. Restore the data file from the most recent backup and flash the database.
Answer: B
86. For which two SQL statements can you use the Flashback Table feature to revert a table to its previous
state? (Choose two)
A. UPDATE TABLE
B. CREATE CLUSTER
C. TRUNCATE TABLE
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
D. ALTER TABLE MOVE
E. INSERT INTO...VALUES
F. ALTER TABLE...DROP COLUMN
G. ALTER TABLE...DROP PARTITION
Answer: A, E
87. What purpose would you achieve by enabling the block change tracking feature?
A. Eliminate the necessity for backups.
B. Perform optimized image copy backups.
C. Perform optimized incremental backups.
D. Enable checkpoint (CKPT) to perform checkpointing at every block change.
E. Enable database writer (DBWn) to write changed blocks to data files faster.
Answer: C
88. You execute the following RMAN command in the order shown below:
BACKUP VALIDATE DATABASE;
BLOCKRECOVER CORRUPTION LIST;
What will these commands do?
A. Create a backup of the database and recover all corrupted blocks found in the backup.
B. Run a backup validation and list all the logically corrupt blocks as well as physically corrupt blocks in the
database.
C. Run a backup validation to populate V$COPY_CORRUPTION view, and then list any corrupt blocks
recorded in the view.
D. Run a backup validation to populate V$DATABASE_BLOCK_CORRUPTION view, and then repair any
corrupt blocks recorded in the view.
E. Run a backup validation, repair any corrupt blocks found during the validation process, and then update
V$DATABASE_BLOCK_CORRUPTION view to indicate which corrupt blocks have been repaired.
Answer: D
89. In Recovery Manager (RMAN), you have set control file autobackup to ON by using the following
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
command:
CONFIGURE CONTROLFILE AUTOBACKUP ON;
Which two events would cause the control file to be backed up automatically? (Choose two)
A. A tablespace is taken offline.
B. The database instance is restarted.
C. A new data file is added to an existing tablespace.
D. A successful backup is recorded in the RMAN repository.
E. The RMAN connection is disconnected from the target database.
Answer: CD
90. You are working on an Oracle Database 10g database. For which purposes would you use the
Flashback Transaction Query feature? (Choose all that apply)
A. To recover a dropped table.
B. To recover a dropped schema.
C. To recover data from a truncated table.
D. To view changes made by all the transactions during a given period of time.
E. To view changes made by a single transaction during a given period of time.
Answer: DE
91. Consider the following command to add a new disk group called ¡°tdgroupA¡± with two failover
groups:
CREATE DISKGROUP tdgroupA NORMAL REDUNDANCY
FAILOVERGROUP control01 DISK
¡®/devices/A1¡¯,
¡®/devices/A2¡¯,
¡®/devices/A3¡¯
FAILOVERGROUP control02 DISK
¡®/devices/B1¡¯,
¡®/devices/B2¡¯,
¡®/devices/B3¡¯m
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
The disk ¡°/devices/A1¡± is currently a member disk of a disk group by the name ¡°tdgroup1¡±.
Which task would be accomplished by the command?
A. This command would result in an error because a disk group can have only one failover group.
B. This command would result in an error because the /devices/A1 disk is a member of another disk group
tdgroup1.
C. A new disk group called td group A will be added with two failover groups and the /devices/A1 disk will
get reattached to the new disk group without being detached from the existing one.
D. A new disk group called td group A will be added with two failover groups and the /devices/A1 disk will be
ignored for the new disk group because it is a member of an existing disk group tdgroup1.
E. A new disk group called td group A will be added with two failover groups and the /devices/A1 disk gets
detached from the existing disk group tdgroup1 and attached to the new disk group td group A.
Answer: B
92. You work as a database administrator at Company.com. Your business has departmental reports that
are generated every day. Each department must use the same set of queries, but access a different subset
of data in the tables, depending on which department generates the report. The format of the reports is
being developed; currently, the format changes daily.
How would you configure the database to ensure that each department generates its report (based on its
target data) using the most recent report format every day?
A. By having each user run the report generation procedure at the scheduled time, supplying the necessary
input variables.
B. By creating a program using DBMS_JOB that accepts one or more variables, and creating a job that
calls this program using DBMS_JOB.
C. By having each user schedule a job using DBMS_JOB that accepts one or more input variables and
calls a procedure that generates the report.
D. By having each user create a job using DBMS_SCHEDULER that includes all the information and
commands necessary to generate the report.
E. By creating a program using DBMS_SCHEDULER that accepts one or more variables, and creating a
job that calls this program using DBMS_SCHEDULER.
Answer: E
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
93. You execute the following command to create two consumer groups, FIN_GROUP1 and PAY_GROUP1
for a plan, PROD_PLAN:
BEGIN
DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER.CREATE_SIMPLE_PLAN (SIMPLE_PLAN => ¡®prod_plan¡¯,
CONSUMER_GROUP1 => ¡®fin_group1¡¯,
GROUP1_CPU => 80,
CONSUMER_GROUP2 => ¡®pay_group1¡¯,
GROUP2_CPU => 20);
END;
Which three statements are true? (Choose three)
A. SYS_GROUP gets 100% CPU resources at level 1.
B. FIN_GROUP1 gets 80% CPU resources at level 1.
C. FIN_GROUP1 gets 80% CPU resources at level 2.
D. PAY_GROUP1 gets 20% CPU resources at level 1.
E. PAY_GROUP1 gets 20% CPU resources at level 2.
Answer: ACE
94. You have configured Automatic Shared Memory Management. Which four memory structures would be
automatically tuned? (Choose four)
A. log buffer
B. Java pool
C. Large pool
D. Fixed SGA
E. Shared pool
F. Streams pool
G. Keep buffer cache
H. Database buffer cache
Answer: BCEH
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
95. You want your listener to be password protected to prevent it from being shut down. You want to
accomplish this task while the listener is functional. Which method could you use to achieve this objective?
A. Use the CHANGE_PASSWORD command of the Listener control utility.
B. Use the SET PASSWORD and SAVE_CONFIG commands of the Listener control utility.
C. Use the CHANGE_PASSWORD and SAVE_CONFIG commands of the Listener control utility.
D. Manually modify the listener.ora file to include the password for the listener and restart the listener.
Answer: C
96. You need to check the EMP_EAST partition in the EMPLOYEES table for physical corruptions.
You also need to verify that the rows belong to the correct partition. Which option could you use?
A. LogMiner
B. The DBNEWID utility
C. The DBVERIFY utility
D. The ANALYZE command
E. The RMAN REPORT command
F. The RMAN CROSSCHECK command.
G. The RMAN BLOCKRECOVER command.
Answer: D
97. Users in your production database complain that they are getting the following error message while
trying to insert rows into the ORDERS table:
ERROR at line 1:
ORA-01654: unable to extend index USERS.ORDERS_IND by 8 in tablespace INDEXES
While investigating, you find that the INDEXES tablespace has run out of space and there is no more free
space on the disk where the data files are available.
Which two actions could you perform to overcome this error without affecting the queries that are currently
being executed? (Choose two)
A. Drop and re-create the inbox.
B. Coalesce the ORDERS_IND index.
C. Coalesce the INDEXES tablespace.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
D. Drop and re-create the ORDERS table.
E. Rebuild the index online and move it to another tablespace.
Answer: BE
98. Consider the following scenario:
You have a directory, data, under the disk group td group A. You want to create an alias for one of the data
files and you execute the following command:
ALTER DISK GROUP td group A
ADD ALIAS ¡®+tdgroupA/data/datafile.dbf¡¯
FOR ¡®+tdgroupA.231.45678¡¯;
Which task would be accomplished by the command?
A. The command drops the file +tdgroupA.231.45678.
B. The command physically relocated the file to +tdgroupA/data and renames the file to datafile.dbf.
C. The command creates a copy of the +tdgroupA.231.45678 file and places it in +tdgroupA/data after
renaming the file to datafile.dbf.
D. The command creates an alias, datafile.dbf, and places it in +tdgroupA/data and does not remove the
tdgroupA 231.45678 file.
E. The command creates a file, datafile.dbf, in +tdgroupA/data and removed the references for
+tdgroupA.231.45678 from the data dictionary views.
Answer: D
Explanation:
Alias names (or just "aliases") are intended to provide a more user-friendly means of referring to ASM files,
rather than using the system-generated filenames. You can create an alias for a file when you create it in
the database, or you can add an alias to an existing file using the ADD
ALIAS clause of the ALTER DISKGROUP statement. You can create an alias in any system-generated or
user-created ASM directory. You cannot create an alias at the root level (+), however. The following
statement adds a new alias name for a system-generated file name:
ALTER DISKGROUP dgroup1
ADD ALIAS '+dgroup1/mydir/second.dbf'
FOR '+dgroup1/sample/datafile/mytable.342.3';
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
Reference:.:
Oracle? 10g Administrator Guide, 12-28
99. You lost a data file that belongs to an index tablespace in your database, which operates in
ARCHIVELOG mode. Loss of the data file resulted in increased response time on your queries.
Which two options would you use to solve this problem? (Choose two)
A. Restore the lost data file from the backup, and then flash back the database.
B. Restore the data file pertaining to index table space, and then recover the table space.
C. Restore all the data files, and then perform an incomplete recovery to get the table space back.
D. Restore all the data files, and then perform an incomplete recovery using the backup control file.
E. Drop and re-create the index table space, and then re-create all of the indexes in that table space.
Answer: BE
100. You work as a database administrator at Company.com. You database operates in ARCHIVELOG
mode and user-managed consistent backups are performed every Sunday night.
On Tuesday, at 9:00 a.m. the current log sequence number was 369. Also, on Tuesday you lost the data file
belonging to the SYSTEM tablespace and an achivelog file (sequence number 356) that contained redo
entries between 8:00 a.m. and 8.30 a.m.
With reference to this scenario, what would you do to recover the database?
A. Restore all the data files from last Sunday¡¯s backup, and then perform a time-based recovery.
B. Restore all the data files from last Sunday¡¯s backup, and then perform a cancel-based recovery.
C. Restore all the data files from last Sunday¡¯s backup, and then perform a change-based recovery.
D. Restore only data files that belong to the SYSTEM tablespace from last Sunday¡¯s backup, and then
perform a complete recovery.
Answer: B
101. You executed the following query in your database:
SELECT oldest_flashback_scn, oldest_flashback_time
FROM V$FLASHBACK_DATABASE_LOG;
What would you determine from the output?
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
A. The time when the last flashback operation in your database was performed.
B. The time when the first flashback operation in your database was performed.
C. A list of flashback operations performed in your database using SCN and time.
D. The approximate time and the lowest system change number (SCN) to which you can flash back your
database.
Answer: D
102. While designing the database for one of your online transaction processing (OLTP) applications, you
want to achieve the following:
a) high availability of data
b) faster primary key access to the table data
c) compact storage for the table
Which type of tables would you use to achieve these objectives?
A. heap tables
B. object tables
C. partitioned tables
D. index-organized tables (IOTs)
Answer: D
103. You are using Oracle Database 10g. The log LOG_ARCHIVE_FORMAT parameter is set to
¡®LOG%t_%_s_%r.dbf¡¯.
Why is %r used in the file name format?
A. To uniquely identify the archived log files with the restore operation.
B. To uniquely identify the archived log files with the redo log group number.
C. To uniquely identify the archived log files for each incarnation of the database.
D. To uniquely identify the archived log files with the number of recovery operations performed.
Answer: C
104. View the Exhibits.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
You performed operations on the DEPT4 table as shown in the Exhibit. When you perform the Flashback
Versions Query, you find that the first two updates are not listed.
What could be the reason?
A. The row movement is not enabled on the table.
B. The first two updates were not explicitly committed.
C. The Flashback Versions Query lists only the most recent update.
D. The Flashback Versions Query stops producing rows after it encounters a time in the past when the table
structure was changed.
Answer: D
105. View the Exhibit.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
You have more than one table in the recycle bin having the same original name, DEPT2. You do not have
any table with the nameDEPT2 in your schema. You executed the following command:
PURGE TABLE dept2;
Which statement is correct in this scenario?
A. All the tables having the same original name as DEPT2 will be purged from the recycle bin.
B. The table with dropscn = 1928151 (oldest dropscn) will be purged from the recycle bin.
C. The table with dropscn = 1937123 (most recent dropscn) will be purged from the recycle bin.
D. None of the tables will be purged because there are multiple entries with the same original name in the
recycle bin.
Answer: B
106. Which type of PL/SQL construct would you use to automatically correct the error resulting from a
statement that was suspended due to a space-related problem?
A. functions
B. package
C. procedure
D. database trigger
E. anonymous PL/SQL block
Answer: D
107. In an Oracle 10g database, the in-memory statistics are gathered at regular intervals and used to
perform growth-trend analysis and capacity planning of the database. Which component stores these
statistics?
A. Recovery catalog
B. Oracle Enterprise Manager Repository
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
C. Automatic Workload Repository (AWR)
D. Oracle 10g Enterprise Manager Grid Control
E. Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM)
Answer: C
108. You have been assigned to manage a set of databases. The previous DBA did not leave you notes
regarding the structure of each of the databases. While analyzing an instance, you notice that the system
identifier (SID) for the instance is set to ¡®+ASM¡¯.
What is the purpose of this instance?
A. This instance is being used to manage the operating system files.
B. This instance is being used to manage the files of other databases.
C. This instance is being used to manage the instances of other databases.
D. This instance is being used to manage the background processes of other instances.
Answer: B
109. In one of your online transaction processing (OLTP) applications, most users frequently modify the
values, including the key values, of the application tables. Some users generate application reports by
using multiple application tables.
What is the best table structure that you can use to gain optimal performance?
A. Heap table
B. Object table
C. External table
D. Clustered table
E. Global temporary table
F. Index-organized table (IOT)
Answer: A
110. Your database is functioning in NOARCHIVELOG mode. Your database contains 15 tablespaces.
You want to use Recovery Manager (RMAN) to perform backups.
Which two backups would you be able to perform when the database is being accessed by users? (Choose
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
two)
A. Backup of offline tablespaces.
B. Backup of read-only tablespaces.
C. Backup of system-critical tablespaces.
D. Backup of online, locally managed tablespaces.
E. Backup of read/write dictionary-managed tablespaces.
Answer: AB
111. You work as a database administrator at Company.com. You are working in an online transaction
processing (OLTP) environment. You used the FLASHBACK TABLE command to flash back the
CUSTOMERS table. Before executing the FLASHBACK TABLE command, the System Change Number
(SCN) was 663571. After flashing back the CUSTOMERS table, you realize that the table is not in the
correct state and the resultant changes are not what you had desired. So, you need to reverse the effects of
the FLASHBACK TABLE command while ensuring that:
a) No other user data in the database is affected.
b) The operation takes the minimum possible time
Which option would you choose?
A. Use ROLLBACK command with SCN 663571.
B. Perform Flashback Transaction Query with SCN 663571.
C. Execute the FLASHBACK DATABASE statement to retrieve the CUSTOMERS table as it was at SCN
663571.
D. Execute another FLASHBACK TABLE statement to retrieve the CUSTOMERS table as it was at SCN
663571.
Answer: D
112. Because of hardware failure, you decided to drop a redo log member from the database.
Which condition should be met to drop a redo log file?
A. The redo log file should belong to an active group.
B. The redo log file should belong to an inactive group.
C. The redo log file should belong to the current group.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
D. The redo log file can be dropped only if all the transactions are stopped.
E. Before a redo log file is dropped, it should be deleted from the operating system (OS).
Answer: B
113. In your production database, you have multiple resource plan directives that refer to the customer
group DB_GRP. Which two statements are correct? (Choose two)
A. The parallel degree limit for DB_GRP will be the minimum of all the incoming values.
B. The parallel degree limit for DB_GRP will be the maximum of all the incoming values.
C. The maximum estimated execution time for DB_GRP would be the most nonrestrictive of all incoming
values.
D. If a session switched from the DB_GRP consumer group to another consumer group because it
exceeded the prescribed switch time, then that session would not execute if the active session pool for the
new consumer group was full.
E. Is a session switched from the DB_GRP consumer group to another consumer group because it
exceeded the prescribed switch time, then that session would execute even if the active session pool for
the new consumer group was full.
Answer: AE
114. You work as a database administrator at Company.com. By mistake, you ran the batch job (for
updating the BILL_DETAILS table) twice. You are not sure which rows in the BILL_DETAILS table were
affected. You need to identify:
a) A list of changes made along with the transaction identifier of each change.
b) The necessary SQL statements to undo the erroneous changes.
Which option would you choose?
A. RMAN only.
B. Flashback Table only.
C. Flashback Version Query only.
D. Flashback Database and Flashback Transaction Query.
E. Flashback Version Query and Flashback Transaction Query.
Answer: E
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
115. You used the following command in Recovery Manager (RMAN) as part of the recovery process:
RESTORE CONTROLFILE FROM AUTOBACKUP;
How does RMAN find the control file auto backup? (Choose all the apply)
A. By using the trace file.
B. By using the alert log file.
C. By using the database ID.
D. By using the server parameter file.
E. By using the V$CONTROLFILE view.
F. By using the auto backup format configuration setting.
Answer: CF
116. In one of your online transaction processing (OLTP) applications, users are manipulating and querying
a database table simultaneously. From the Segment Advisor, you find that one of the tables is highly
fragmented and you want to shrink the table immediately without affecting the currently active queries.
Which option would you use with the ALTER TABLE command to achieve this objective?
A. REBUILD
B. CASCADE
C. TRUNCATE
D. ROW MOVEMENT
E. SHRINK SPACE COMPACT
F. SHRINK SPACE CASCADE
Answer: E
117. You work as a database administrator at Company.com. You are working in a dedicated server
environment. Your database is running in the automatic Program Global Area (PGA) memory management
mode. Which two statements are correct in this scenario? (Choose two)
A. The WORK_AREASIZE_POLICY initialization parameter cannot be set to AUTO.
B. The Oracle database automatically controls the amount of PGAmemory allotted to SQL work areas.
C. Setting the value of the SGA_TARGET initialization parameter to 0 will disable the automatic PGA
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
memory management.
D. The SORT_AREA_SIZE parameter is ignored by all the sessions running in the automatic PGAmemory
management mode.
Answer: BD
118. Users are performing a large volume of inserts and deletes on the application tables in the APPS
tablespace. You observe that there are several warning alerts being generated for the APPS tablespace
space usage metrics. Currently, the warning threshold for the tablespace usage metrics is set to 70%. To
make the generated alerts more useful as a problem identification tool, you want to reduce the frequency of
alert generation for the tablespace usage metrics for the APPS tablespace. What should you do?
A. Disable SQL tracing for the APPS tablespace.
B. Disable logging attributes for the APPS tablespace.
C. Modify the tablespace to be a dictionary-managed tablespace.
D. Increase the critical threshold value for the tablespace space usage metrics for the APPS tablespace.
E. Increase the warning threshold value for the tablespace space usage metric for the APPS tablespace.
Answer: E
119. Using Oracle Scheduler you have scheduled two jobs, JOB_A and JOB_B, to run at 9:00 p.m. every
Friday. You want both the jobs to use a single resource plan, WEEKEND_PLAN.
Which task must have already been performed to enable you to achieve this objective?
A. A window must have been created with the WEEKEND_PLAN resource plan.
B. A program must have been created with the WEEKEND_PLAN resource plan.
C. A job class must have been created with the WEEKEND_PLAN resource plan.
D. A windows group must have been created with the WEEKEND_PLAN resource plan.
Answer: A
120. What are the two advantages of RMAN Block Media Recovery (BMR) over file-level recovery?
(Choose two)
A. BMR lowers the mean time to recover (MTTR).
B. BMR supports point-in-time recovery of individual data blocks.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
C. BMR enables you to use incremental backups for block recovery.
D. BMR enables recovery even when the database is not mounted or open.
E. BMR enables you to use proxy backups to perform block media recovery.
F. BMR enables increased availability of data during recovery because the data file requires a recovery can
remain online.
Answer: AF
121. While creating a scheduler window using the DBMS_SCHEDULER package, a user logged in as
DBMGR gets the error message insufficient privileges?
Which two commands would you use to resolve this error? (Choose two)
A. GRANT dba TO dbmgr;
B. GRANT connect TO dbmgr;
C. GRANT resource TO dbmgr;
D. GRANT hs_admin_role TO dmbgr;
E. GRANT manage scheduler TO dbmgr;
Answer: AE
122. You have set the value of the NLS_TIMESTAMP_TZ_FORMAT parameter in the parameter file to
YYYY-MM-DD. The default format of which two data types would be affected by this setting? (Choose two)
A. DATE
B. TIMESTAMP
C. INTERVAL YEAR TO MONTH Page 43 of 62
D. INTERVAL DAY TO SECOND
E. TIMESTAMPWITH LOCAL TIME ZONE
Answer: BE
123. For an incomplete recovery, which four backup types can be used by Recovery Manager (RMAN) to
restore data files? (Choose four)
A. RMAN image copies.
B. RMAN database backups.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
C. RMAN tablespace backups.
D. User-managed backups placed in the flash recovery area.
E. User-managed backups that have been cataloged with RMAN.
F. User-managed data file backups for which the pull path name is specified.
Answer: ABCE
124. You are using Oracle Database 10g. You performed an incomplete recovery of your database and
opened the database with the RESETLOGS option.
What is the effect of opening the database with the RESETLOGS option? (Choose two)
A. This operation resets the SCN for the database.
B. This operation creates a new incarnation of the database.
C. This operation moves all the redo log files to a different location.
D. This operation deletes the old redo log files and creates new redo log files.
E. This operation updates all current datafiles and online redo logs and all subsequent archived redo logs
with a new RESETLOGS SCN and time stamp.
Answer: BE
125. Which statement is true while creating sub plans using Resource Manager?
A. The subplan must belong to the consumer group, SYS_GROUP.
B. The total CPU usage at any given level must be less than 100%.
C. The subplans can be used to restrict the degree of parallelism for a user.
D. You can use a resource plan instead of a consumer group to implement a priority ranking within the plan.
Answer: D
126. Your database is functioning in ARCHIVELOG mode. In which two situations would you perform a
cancel-based recovery? (Choose two)
A. You find that one of the redo log members in each redo log group is lost.
B. You find that a data file that belongs to the USERS tablespace is damaged.
C. You find that a data file that belongs to the SYSTEM tablespace is damaged.
D. You find that the current redo log group is damaged and is not available for recovery.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
E. You realized while performing a recovery that an archived redo log file needed for recovery is lost.
Answer: DE
127. You work as a database administrator at Company.com. In your test database, you have created the
ORDERS table as an index-organized table (IOT). To facilitate faster querying, you have created a mapping
table and a bitmap index on the ORDER_FILLED column. You observe that the query performance degrees
when users perform a large volume of transactions.
While investigating the reason, you find that the mapping table segment is fragmented, leading to poor
performance. Which option would you use to defragment the mapping table without affecting the original
table data?
A. Export and import the mapping table.
B. Drop and re-create the mapping table.
C. Truncate the mapping table and reinsert the values.
D. Use the ALTER TABLE .. REBUILD command to defragment the mapping table.
Answer: A
128. The DB_BLOCK_CHECKING initialization parameter is set to FALSE. What level of block checking
would be performed?
A. The Oracle database will not perform block checking for any of the data blocks.
B. The Oracle database will perform block checking for the default permanent tablespace only.
C. The Oracle database will perform block checking for the data blocks in all user tablespaces.
D. The Oracle database will perform block checking for the data blocks in the SYSTEM tablespace only.
E. The Oracle database will perform block checking for the data blocks in the SYSTEM and SYSAUX
tablespaces.
Answer: D
129. Which statement is true regarding the creation of nested plans using Resource Manager?
A. Only one nested sub plan is allowed.
B. The plans can be nested up to four levels.
C. Resource Manager does not support nested plans.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
D. Nested plans control only the degree of parallelism but not the CPU.
E. Each nested plan gets a proportion of the CPU resources assigned to its parent group.
Answer: E
130. A media failure has occurred. This has resulted in all the members of the next hop log group being
rendered inaccessible to the log writer process (LGWR) at a log switch. How does this failure affect the
operational database?
A. The database re-created the missing redo log files automatically.
B. The database continues to function normally with the existing files.
C. The database allows only queries, no other statements are allowed.
D. The database returns and error and the database instance shuts down.
E. The user sessions that generate redo logs are terminated automatically.
Answer: D
131. Consider the following command to create atablespacein your production database (which is using an
Automatic Storage Management [ASM] instance to manage the database files):
CREATE TABLESPACE user_tbsp
DATAFILE '+dgroup3(usder_temp) /user_files/user_tbsp¡¯ SIZE 200M;
What would be the result of this command?
A. It would result in an error because the template cannot be used along with the disk group.
B. It would result in an error because the path cannot be specified while creating atablespacein a disk
group.
C. It would create a tablespace with a data file that has an alias, and its attributes are set by the
user-defined template.
D. It would create a tablespace with a data file that does not have an alias, and its attributes are set by the
user-defined template.
Answer: C
132. You enabled the flashback logging feature, but you have not specified the location of the flash
recovery area.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
Which location would be used as the default location for the flash recovery area?
A. The location used for control files.
B. The location used for redo log files.
C. The location set by using$ORACLE_BASE.
D. The location set by using$ORACLE_HOME.
E. The location set by usingCORE_DUMP_DEST.
F. The location set by usingBACKGROUND_DUMP_DEST.
Answer: C
133. Which three methods can you use to run an Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM) analysis
over a specific time period? (Choose three.)
A. Enterprise Manager GUI
B. DBMS_TRACE package APIs
C. DBMS_ADVISOR package APIs
D. DBMS_MONITOR package APIs
E. $ORACLE_HOME/rdbms/admin/addmrpt.sql script
Answer: ACE
134.Which background process does Automatic Shared Memory Management use to coordinate the sizing
of memory components?
A. PMON
B. SMON
C. MMNL
D. MMAN
E. MMON
Answer: D
Explanation:
The Automatic Shared Memory Management feature uses a new background process named
Memory Manager (MMAN). MMAN serves as the SGA Memory Broker and coordinates the sizing
of the memory components. The SGA Memory Broker keeps track of the sizes of the components
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
and pending resize operations
Reference:.
Meta link Note :268197.1: New Background Processes In 10g
135. Which six files are maintained in the Flash Recovery Area? (Choose six.)
A. control file
B. RMAN files
C. password file
D. parameter file
E. flashback logs
F. data file copies
G. core dump files
H. archived log files
I. RMAN recovery scripts
J. control file autobackpus
Answer: ABEFHJ
136. One the evening of April 22, you are working on a database created using Oracle Database 10g.
This database operates in the ARCHIVELOG mode. You discover that you need crucial data that was
dropped from the database at 8:00 a.m. No full backup has been taken after April 15.
What would you do?
A. recover the database until April 10
B. recover the database until April 15
C. recover the database until 22 7:59 a.m.
D. recovery is not possible; manually re-create the object
Answer: C
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
Explanation:
RMAN simplifies recovery operations using backups taken from earlier database incarnation so that it is
easy as recovering a backup from the same incarnation. The simplified recovery through RESETLOGS
feature is an enhancement to recovery operations so that previous incarnation backups can be used for
recovery of the current database incarnation. You use this feature when you have performed an incomplete
recovery (or a recovery using a backup control file) and opened the database with the RESETLOGS option.
To perform incomplete recovery, use the SET UNTIL command to specify the time, SCN, restore point, or
log sequence number at which recovery terminates. Alternatively, specify the UNTIL clause on the
RESTORE and RECOVER commands.
Reference:.
Oracle? Database 10g: New features for Oracle 8i, 18-21 and Oracle? 10g Backup and Recovery
137. You are unable to move the Unified Job Scheduler occupant from the SYSAUX table space to the
USERS table space. What could be the reason?
A. None of the SYSAUX occupants can be relocated.
B. The USERS tablespace is a bigfile tablespace (BFT).
C. The united Job Scheduler occupant cannot be relocated.
D. The SYSAUX occupants can be relocated to the SYSTEM tablespace only.
Answer: C
138. You want to enforce a company's business policy on several objects by using a single policy function.
Which two types of policies can be assigned to the policy_type argument in the dbms_rls.add_policy
procedure to achieve the above objective? (Choose two.)
A. DBMS_RLS.STATIC
B. DBMS_RLS.DYNAMIC
C. DBMS_RLS.SHARED_STATIC
D. DBMS_RLS.CONTEXT_SENSITIVE
E. DBMS_RLS.SHARED_CONTEXT_SENSITIVE
Answer: CE
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
139. You lost the PPODSTD tablespace, which was read-only. The tablespace was read-only when the last
backup was taken. How would you recover the tablespace?
A. restore the tablespace from the backup
B. restore the tablespace from the backup, and then perform an incomplete recovery
C. restore the tablespace from the backup, and then apply all the redo information
D. restore all the data files in the database, and then perform an incomplete recovery
Answer: A
140. You are working on an Oracle Database ¡®log database that operates in the ARCHIVELOG mode. At
06:00 p.m., you discovered that a table in the SYSTEM tablespace that does not belong to the data
dictionary was dropped at 03:00 p.m. What would you do to recover the table?
A. perform point-in-time recovery to recover the table
B. recover the table by using the Flashback Table feature
C. restore the entire database from the most recent backup and open it
D. use the Flashback Transaction Query feature to identify the relevant SQL statement and use it to undrop
the table
Answer: A
141. Your production database is running in the ARCHIVELOG mode and the ARCn process is functional.
You have two online redo log groups. Which three background processes would be involved when a log
switch happens? (Choose three.)
A. archival
B. log writer
C. database writer
D. system monitor
F. process monitor
F. change tracking writer
Answer: ABC
142. Your database operates in ARCHIVELOG mode and all the tablespaces are online. Due to a user error,
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
you decided to perform an incomplete recovery. Which two tasks would you be required to perform in the
recovery process? (Choose two.)
A. open the database with the RESETLOGS option
B. open the database with the RESTRICTED option
C. recover all the data files to the same system change number (SCN)
D. recover to the required SCN only that data file in which the error occurred
Answer: AC
143. The database has the data block size set to 8 KB. You need to import a tablespace with a 4 KB block
size into the database. Which additional memory parameter(s) should be configured to perform a
transportable tablespace import?
A. DB_CACHE_SIZE only
B. DB_8K_CACHE_SIZE only
C. DB_4K_CACHE_SIZE only
D. SGA_TAPGET and DB_4K_CACHE_SIZE
E. DB_BLOCK_SIZE and DB_8K_CACHE_SIZE
F. DB_BLOCK_SIZE and DB_4K_CACHE_SIZE
Answer: C
144. You are working on Oracle Database log, which is in ARCHIVELOG mode. All the archived log files are
intact. In which scenario would performing a recovery require the opening of the database with the
RESETLOGS option?
A. loss of a tempfile
B. loss of a system data file
C. loss of one of the control files
D. loss of one of the tablespaces
E. loss of a member from each redo log group
F. loss of the only member of an unarchived redo log group
Answer: F
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
145. In which two conditions are resumable statements suspended? (Choose two.)
A. when a user session is terminated
B. when a user exceeds the space quota
C. when a user manually suspends the statement
D. when the maximum extents of a segment is reached
E. when a table that is being accessed by the current transaction is not found
Answer: BD
146. Identify four uses of the Oracle Scheduler. (Choose four.)
A. enables you to execute jobs in a clustered environment
B. enables you to schedule the execution of jobs based on time
C. enables you to automate the management of the jobs that are created using the DBMS_JOB package
D. enables Oracle database to do patches according to a DBA-defined schedule
E. enables you to create a job that makes use of saved programs and schedules
F. enables you to periodically execute operating systemscript files located on the same server as the
database
G. enables Oracle database to schedule which processes execute on which processors in a multiple CPU
environment
Answer: ABEF
147. You have a read-only tablespace on read-only media. You want to perform a media recovery on the
existing data files, but using a backup control tile. The backup control tile indicates that the status of the
read-only tablespace was read/write when the control tile was backed up. What should you consider?
A. drop the read-only tablespace and re-create the tablespace alter recovery
B. take data files from the read-only tablespace offline before performing a recovery
C. perform a recovery; status of the tablespace in control file will be changed automatically
D. recovery using backup control file is not possible, so restore all the files from the last full database
backup, and then open the database
Answer: B
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
148. You configured the flash recovery area in the database.Which two files would you expect to find in the
flash recovery area? (Choose two.)
A. backup pieces
B. control tile autobackups
C. copies of all the parameter files
D. trace tile generated using BACKUP CONTROLFILE TO TRACE
Answer: AB
149. View the Exhibit and examine the properties of the USERS tablespace.
You execute the following statement to shrink the TRANS table existing on the USERS tablespace:
SQL> ALTER TABLE trans SHRINK SPACE CASCADE;
Which objects would be affected by this command? (Choose all that apply.)
A. the TRANS table
B. the B*Tree indexes on the TRANS table
C. the materialized views log of the TRANS table
D. the materialized views based on the TRANS table
E. the large object (LOB) segments of the TRANS table
Answer: AB
150. You want to create a consumer group, GROUP 1, and you execute the following command in the
command-line interface:
SQL> EXEC DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER.CREATE_CONSUMER_GROUP
(CONSUMER_GROUP =>¡®group1¡¯, COMMENT => ¡®New Group¡¯);
This command errors out displaying the following message:
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
ERROR at line 1:
ORA-29371: pending area is not active
ORA-06512: at ¡°SYS.DBMS_RMIN¡±, line 115
ORA-06512: at ¡°SYS.DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER¡±, line 108
ORA-06512: at line 1
What action would you take to overcome this error?
A. create the Pending Area before creating the consumer group
B. activate the Pending Area before creating the consumer group
C. increase the size of the large pool to accommodate the Pending Area
D. increase the size of the shared pool to accommodate the Pending Area
E. increase the size of the database buffer cache to accommodate the Pending Area
Answer: A
151. Last night, a media failure caused the loss of a temporary file that belongs to your database.
Which two things may happen this morning when you try to open your database? (Choose two.)
A. The database opens normally.
B. The database prompts for a database recovery.
C. The database writer writes to a trace file, indicating that the temporary file is not found.
D. The database gets mounted and throws an error indicating that the temporary file requires recovery.
Answer: AC
152. You want an ASM instance to manage the files of your database. To achieve this objective, you specify
the following parameters in the parameter file of the database:
INSTANCE_TYPE = RDBMS
DB_NAME = PROD
LARGE_POOL_SIZE = 8MB
DB_BLOCK_SIZE = 4K
LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST = +dgroupA
LOG_ARCHIVE_FORMAT = ¡°$ORACLE_SID_%s_%t.%t¡±
DB_CREATE_FILE_DEST = +dgroupA
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
COMPATIBLE = 10.1.0.2.0
CONTROL_FILES = +dgroupA
Which parameter would be ignored while starting up the instance for the database PROD?
A. DB_BLOCK_SIZE
B. CONTROL_FILES
C. LARGE_POOL_SIZE
D. LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST
E. LOG_ARCHIVE_FORMAT
F. DB_CREATE_FILE_DEST
Answer: E
153. You need to create a schedule that will run a job on the second Friday of each month.What should the
repeat interval of the schedule be set to?
A. FREQ = MONTHLY; BYDAY= 2FRI;
B. FREQ = MONTHLY; BYDAY = FRI2;
C. FREQ = MONTHLY; BYDAY = -2FRI;
D. FREQ = MONTHLY; BYDAY = FRI(2);
Answer: A
154. You have created a job class, CUST_JOB_1 ,with two jobs, CUST_JOB_1_A and CUST_JOB_1_B.
Which two statements are true? (Choose two.)
A. Both the jobs would be executed concurrently.
B. Jobs in the job class must have been assigned the same priority.
C. The member jobs would get dropped when the job class is dropped.
D. The member jobs would get disabled when the job class is dropped.
E. The attributes defined at the class level would be applied to both the jobs.
Answer: DE
155. You executed the following command to perform a backup of the USERS tablespace:
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
RMAN> BACKUP TABLESPACE USERS;
Which three types of files are backed up? (Choose three.)
A. password file
B. online redo log files
C. the current control file
D. archived redo log files
E. the current server parameter file
F. all the data files belonging to the USERS tablespace
G. data files belonging to the USERS tablespace and all the default tablespaces
Answer: CEF
156. The database is running in ARCHIVELOG mode and the FORMAT option is not configured in RMAN
for disk backups. You configured the flash recovery area location and size by using the
DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST and DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST_SIZE initialization parameters.
Which statement is correct in this scenario?
A. If no other destination is configured for recovery files, then RMAN places the control file autobackups in
the flash recovery area by default.
B. If any local destinations for LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n are set, then archived redo logs are stored in
these destinations as well as in the flash recovery area.
C. If the flash recovery area location is configured using the DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST initialization
parameter, then the RMAN backup of Oracle managed datafiles (OMF) only will go to the flash recovery
area by default.
D. If the FORMAT option to the RMAN BACKUP command is specified, then RMAN creates backup pieces
and image copies in the flash recovery area with names in the Oracle Managed Files (OMF) format.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
Answer: A
157. In your Automatic Storage Management (ASM) instance, one of the nonempty disk groups, DGROUP1,
is no longer required and you want this disk group to be removed. You execute the following command to
achieve this objective:
DROP DISKGROUP dgroup1 EXCLUDING CONTENTS;
What would be the result of this command?
A. This command would result in an error because the disk group is not empty.
B. The command would drop the disk group, ignoring the EXCLUDING CONTENTS option.
C. The command would result in the disk group being marked as INVALID because it cannot be dropped.
D. The command would result in the contents being moved to the parent disk group and dropping of the
disk group.
E. The command would distribute the contents of the specified disk group among all other disk groups and
then drop the specified disk group.
Answer: A
158. The EMPLOYEES table is stored in the USERS tablespace. You need to check if the EMPLOYEES
table is affected by the block corruption found in the USERS tablespace. Which option would you use?
A. the DBNEWID utility
B. the ANALYZE command
C. the RMAN LIST command
D. the RMAN REPORT command
E. the RMAN CROSSCHECK command
F. the RMAN BLOCKRECOVER command
Answer: B
159. In which case would you use the Flashback Database feature to perform a recovery?
A. to recover a dropped tablespace
B. to recover data from a truncated table
C. to recover a data rile that has been shrunk
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
D. to recover a database to the state that existed before the RESETLOGS operation
Answer: B
160. The database is running in ARCHIVELOG mode and the FORMAT option is not configured in RMAN
for disk backups. You configured the flash recovery area location and size by using the
DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST and DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST_SIZE initialization parameters.
Which statement is correct in this scenario?
A. If no other destination is configured for recovery files, then RMAN places the control file autobackups in
the flash recovery area by default.
B. If any local destinations for LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n are set, then archived redo logs are stored in
these destinations as well as in the flash recovery area.
C. If the flash recovery area location is configured using the DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST initialization
parameter, then the RMAN backup of Oracle managed datafiles (OMF) only will go to the flash recovery
area by default.
D. If the FORMAT option to the RMAN BACKUP command is specified, then RMAN creates backup pieces
and image copies in the flash recovery area with names in the Oracle Managed Files (OMF) format.
Answer: A
161. What are the prerequisites for enabling Flashback Database? (Choose all that apply.)
A. The database must be in the NOMOUNT state.
B. The database must have multiplexed control files.
C. The database must be in ARCHIVELOG mode.
D. The database must be opened in RESTRICTED mode.
E. The database must be started in the MOUNT EXCLUSIVE state.
F. The database must be opened by using a text-based parameter file instead of a server parameter file
(SPFILE).
Answer: CE
162. You have an Automatic Storage Management (ASM) instance managing the database files of your
production database. The database contains ASM files and non-ASM files. Using Recovery Manager
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
(RMAN), you migrate the complete production database to use the ASM instance.
Which statement is true?
A. RMAN would relocate all the database files to an ASM disk group.
B. RMAN would change the file definitions in the control file to use the ASM but would not relocate the
database files physically.
C. RMAN would relocate all the data files to an ASM disk group and other files to an operating system
location, defined using Oracle Managed Files (OMF).
D. RMAN would relocate the ASM files to an ASM disk group and the non-ASM files to an operating system
location, defined using OMF.
Answer: A
163. In your database, all the tablespaces are locally managed. You started Recovery Manager (RMAN)
using recovery catalog. The following commands are used in the process of recovering the database by
using the backup control file:
1. RESTORE CONTROLFILE;
2. RESTORE DATABASE;
3. ALTER DATABASE MOUNT;
4. SQL ALTER TABLESPACE temp ADD TEMPFILE
5. ALTER DATABASE OPEN RESETLOGS;
6. RECOVER DATABASE;
7. STARTUP NOMOUNT;
In what sequence would you use this process to perform the recovery?
A. 7,2,3,1,4,6,5
B. 7,1,3,2,6,5,4
C. 2,1,7,6,3,5,4
D. 2,7,3,5,1,6,4
Answer: B
164. Which two statements are correct regarding the Flashback Versions Query feature? (Choose two.)
A. You can use this feature to identify the versions of V$ views.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
B. You can use this feature to identify the versions of external and fixed tables.
C. You can use this feature for a table only if row movement is enabled for the table.
D. You can use this feature to identify the committed versions of the rows, but not the uncommitted
versions.
E. You can use this feature to identify the inserts, deletes, and updates performed on a particular row but
not the data definition language (DDL) operations performed on the table.
Answer: DE
165. Which two statements regarding compressed backups in Recovery Manager (RMAN) are true?
(Choose two.)
A. Backup compression is disabled by default.
B. Backup compression applies to only backup sets.
C. Backup compression applies to only image copies.
D. Backup compression cannot be enabled using the CONFIGURE command.
E. Backup compression can be used with both backup sets and image copies.
F. Backup compression works only if the COMPATIBILITY parameter is set to 9.0.0.0 or higher.
Answer: AB
166. Your production database is running in the ARCHIVELOG mode and the ARCn process is functional.
You have two online redo log groups. Which three background processes would be involved when a log
switch happens? (Choose three.)
A. archival
B. log writer
C. database writer
D. system monitor
E. process monitor
F. change tracking writer
Answer: ABC
167. On Monday, you dropped the DEPT table from your schema and then you re-created the DEPT table
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
in your schema. On Wednesday, you have a requirement to restore the DEPT table from the recycle bin.
Which statement is correct?
A. You can restore the DEPT table by using the Oracle Flashback Drop feature, provided you use the
RENAME TO clause.
B. You can restore the DEPT table by using the Oracle Flashback Drop feature and a system- generated
name will be assigned to the restored table.
C. You cannot restore the DEPT table by using the Oracle Flashback Drop feature because a table with the
name DEPT already exists in your schema.
D. You cannot restore the DEPT table by using the Oracle Flashback Drop feature because the contents of
the recycle bin are purged every 12 hours by default.
Answer: A
168. The backup retention policy is configured as RECOVERY WINDOW 2. You executed the following
command in Recovery Manager (RMAN) against your database:
RMAN> REPORT OBSOLETE;
What would you see in the output?
A. a list of all the expired backups and copies
B. a list of all those files that have been deleted in the last two days
C. a list of all those files that have been recovered within the last two days
D. a list of backups and copies that are outside the range covered by the current retention policy
Answer: D
169. You are working on a database, where you have three redo log groups.When the database is down for
a backup, an operating system (OS) user deletes all the redo log files in a group. What will happen when
you open your database?
A. The instance starts and the database opens because two redo log groups still exist.
B. Before the instance starts, you receive an error about the missing redo log files of a group.
C. The instance starts and the database opens with an error message written to the alert log file.
D. The instance starts and the database opens, but every attempt to write to redo log files fails with an error.
E. The instance starts, the database is mounted, but efforts to open the database fail, and an error about
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
the missing redo log group is displayed.
Answer: E
170. You executed the following command in Recovery Manager (RMAN) to perform a backup of the
DETTBS tablespace:
RMAN> BACKUP TABLESPACE DETTBS;
Under which conditions would this command execute successfully? (Choose all that apply.)
A. The database is in NOMOUNT state.
B. The database is in ARCHIVELOG mode and the tablespace is online.
C. The database is in ARCHIVELOG mode and the tablespace is offline.
D. The database is in NOARCHIVELOG mode and the tablespace is online.
E. The database is in NOARCHIVELOG mode and the tablespace is offline.
Answer: BCE
171. The loss of the control file forced you to re-create the control file. After re-creating it and opening the
database, you find that some of the data files are named as MlSSlNGnnnnn, where nnnnn is a five-digit
number starting with 0. What could be the possible reason?
A. These are the data files that are corrupted.
B. There is no SYSAUX tablespace in your database
C. There is a read-only tablespace in your database.
D. These are the data files that cannot be recovered.
Answer: C
172. You have created a resource plan, PPOD_D6_PLAN, that uses the PATIO policy. The following
consumer groups and their respective plan directives have been assigned to this resource plan:
Consumer group HIGH_CG with CPU_P1 as 10.
Consumer group MEDIUM_CG with CPU_P1 as 5.
Consumer group LOW_CG with CPU_P1 as 2.
Consumer group OTHER_GROUPS with CPU_P1 as 1.
Which statement is correct in this scenario?
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
A. The plan PROD_DB_PLAN can have subplans.
B. The members of the HIGH_CG consumer group would get 10% of the CPU.
C. The CPU allocation for the consumer groups would be based on the ratio defined for the CPU_P1.
D. The CPU allocation would be equal between the HIGH_CG and MEDIUM_CG consumer groups if there
are no sessions existing for the LOW_CG and OTHER_GROUPS consumer groups.
Answer: C
173. You noticed that large memory allocations for the Oracle backup and restore operations are causing a
performance overhead on the shared pool. Which memory structure would you configure to avoid this
performance overhead?
A. large pool
B. streams pool
C. redo log buffer
D. keep buffer cache
E. recycle buffer cache
Answer: A
174. You lost the index tablespace in your database. You decided to re-create the index tablespace and the
indexes in the tablespace.What methods can you use to re-create the indexes? (Choose all that apply.)
A. Data Pump
B. SQL scripts
C. SQL*Loader
D. Flashback database
E. Recovery Manager (RMAN) script
Answer: AB
175. You are connected to Recovery Manager (RMAN) without a recovery catalog. There is no copy of the
control tile available. You want to restore the control tile from an autobackup. To retrieve the autobackup,
you need the database ID (DBID). In which two sources would you find the DBID? (Choose two.)
A. the trace file
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
B. the alert log file
C. an RMAN session log file
D. the server parameter file
E. the formatted name of a control file autobackup
Answer: CE
176. Very soon you will be performing maintenance operations. You would have several jobs to run as soon
as the maintenance period starts. Which method would you use to create jobs without specifying the time
period when the job should be run?
A. use Oracle Scheduler
B. use DBMS_JOB package
C. use DBMS_IJOB package
D. use Oracle Data Pump Export and Import
Answer: A
177. You configured the large pool for Oracle backup and restore operations. As a result, which component
would require less memory?
A. log buffer
B. shared pool
C. streams pool
D. keep buffer cache
E. recycle buffer cache
Answer: B
178. You executed the following FLASHBACK TABLE command:
FLASHBACK TABLE emp TO TIMESTAMP (¡®11:45¡¯,¡¯hh12:mi¡¯);
Which two statements are correct? (Choose two.)
A. The FLASHBACK TABLE statement will not be written to the alert log file.
B. The changes made to the EMP table since the specified time will be undone.
C. The EMP table that was dropped by mistake from the database will be restored.
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
D. The FLASHBACK TABLE statement will be executed within a single transaction.
E. The FLASHBACK TABLE statement will not maintain the existing indexes on the EMP table.
F. The list of transactions that have modified the EMP table since the specified time will be displayed.
Answer: BD
179. You are managing a database for which incremental backups can be very time consuming. In order to
perform optimized incremental backups you enable the block change tracking feature.
How would you instruct RMAN to use the block change tracking feature when performing incremental
backups?
A. You need to mention it with every BACKUP command.
B. You need to configure it using the CONFIGURE command.
C. The block change tracking feature is used automatically by RMAN.
D. You need to set the necessary initialization parameters to direct RMAN to use the feature.
Answer: C
180. Every Sunday, consistent backups are performed on your database. Because of a user error, you
performed an incomplete recovery on Tuesday and opened the database with the RESETLOGS option.
A user error occurs again on Thursday, which necessitates an incomplete recovery. Sunday¡¯s backup is the
most recent backup available.
What would you do in this scenario?
A. recovery cannot be performed because a backup was not performed after the last incomplete recovery
B. restore all the files from Sunday¡¯s backup, and then perform an incomplete recovery up to the point in
time when the user error occurred on Thursday
C. restore all the files from Sunday¡¯s backup, and then recover up to the point in time when the
RESETLOGS operation was performed on Tuesday
D. restore all the files from Sunday¡¯s backup, and open the database to reset the database to the point in
time when the backup was performed on Sunday
Answer: B
181. You have only two redo log groups and these groups get overwritten several times in a day. Your
Testinside
TestInside Help You Pass Any IT Exam http://www.TestInside.com
database operates in NOARCHIVELOG mode and user-managed consistent backups are performed every
Sunday night. On Thursday morning, you find that an important table has been dropped and purged. With
reference to this scenario, up to what point in time can the data be recovered?
A. until Thursday morning
B. until last Sunday¡¯s backup
C. until Wednesday evening
D. until that point in time when the database is opened
E. until that point in time when the recovery is performed
F. until that point in time when the table is dropped and purged
Answer: B
Testinside
Testinside.com was founded in 2006. The safer,easier way to help you pass any IT
Certification exams . We provide high quality IT Certification exams practice
questions and answers(Q&A). Especially Adobe, Apple, Citrix, Comptia, EMC, HP,
Juniper, LPI, Nortel, Oracle, SUN, Vmware and so on. And help you pass any IT
Certification exams at the first try.
You can reach us at any of the email addresses listed below.
English Customer: Sales(at)TestInside.Com
TaiWan&HK Customer: Salestw(at)TestInside.Com
Chinese Customer: Salescn(at)TestInside.com
English Version http://www.testinside.com
Chinese (Traditional) http:// www.testinside.net
Chinese (Simplified) http:// www.testinside.cn









Testinside
Exam : Oracle 1Z0042
Title : Oracle Database 10g:
Administration I
Version : V 3.23
TestInside,help you pass any IT exam!
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 2
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Important Note, Please Read Carefully
Other TestInside products
Offline Testing Engine
Use the offline Testing engine product to practice the questions in an exam environment.
Build a foundation of knowledge which will be useful also after passing the exam.
Download the Testing Engine Version of 1Z0042
More TestInside Oracle 10g DBA Products
Latest Version
We are constantly reviewing our products. New material is added and old material is revised. Free
updates are available for 90 days after the purchase. You should check your member zone at TestInside
and update 34
days before the scheduled exam date.
Here is the procedure to get the latest version:
1: Go to http://www.TestInside.com
2: Log in the User Center
3:The latest versions of all purchased products are downloadable from here. Just click the links.
Feedback
If you spot a possible improvement then please let us know. We always interested in improving product
quality.
Feedback should be send to sales@TestInside.com. You should include the following: Exam number,
version, page number, question number, and your login Account.
Our experts will answer your mail promptly.
Explanations
This product does not include explanations at the moment. If you are interested in providing explanations
for this exam, please contact sales@TestInside.com.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 3
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
1. In your Oracle 10g database , you have scheduled a job to update the optimizer statistics at 05:00 pm
every Friday. The job has successfully completed. Which three pieces of information would you check to
confirm that the statistics have been collected? (Choose three.)
A. average row size
B. last analyzed date
C. size of table in bytes
D. size of table in database blocks
E. number of free blocks in the free list
F. number of extents present in the table
Answer: ABD
2. You are in the middle of a transaction and very crucial data has been modified. Because of a hardware
failure, the instance has shut down before synchronizing all the database files.
Which two statements are true? (Choose two.)
A. On startup, SMON coordinates instance recovery.
B. On startup, CKPT coordinates instance recovery.
C. On startup, use RMAN to perform instance recovery.
D. Uncommitted changes will be rolled back after the database is opened.
E. On startup, perform media recovery and then instance recovery.
F. On startup, all the files will be synchronized and you get both committed and uncommitted data.
Answer: AD
3. You are using the backup scheduler in Enterprise Manager (EM) to schedule a backup of your
database.
Which type of script does the backup scheduler generate?
A. SQL script
B. PL/SQL script
C. Operating System (OS) script
D. Enterprise Manager (EM) script
E. Recovery Manager (RMAN) script
Answer: E
4. You executed the following command to export the EMPLOYEES table from a remote machine:
$ EXPDP hr/hr@data.us.oracle.com
DUMPFILE=my_dir:exp_hr.log
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 4
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
LOGFILE=data_pump_dir:log_hr.log
TABLES=employees
What would be the outcome of this command?
A. The command would execute successfully and the export dump file would be created in the destination
of the directory object MY_DIR.
B. The command would execute successfully. But log file would not be created as DATA_PUMP_DIR
directory is only accessible to user with SYSDBA privilege.
C. The command fails with an error because DATA_PUMP_DIR directory have higher precedence over
the perfile
directory.
D. The command fails with an error because no absolute path is specified for log file and dumpfile.
Answer: A
5. Which step do you need to perform to enable a user with the SYSDBA privilege to log in as SYSDBA in
iSQL*Plus?
A. The user must be granted the database administrator (DBA) privilege.
B. The user must be listed in the password file for the authentication.
C. No special setup is needed for the user to connect as SYSDBA in iSQL*Plus.
D. Set up a user in the Oracle Application Server Containers for J2EE (OC4J) user manager, and grant
the webDba role to the user.
Answer: D
6. Which two statements regarding the LOGGING clause of the CREATE TABLESPACE. .. statement are
correct? (Choose two.)
A. This clause is not valid for a temporary or undo tablespace.
B. If the tablespace is in the NOLOGGING mode, no operation on the tablespace will generate redo.
C. The tablespace will be in the NOLOGGING mode by default, if not specified while creating a
tablespace.
D. The tablespacelevel
logging attribute can be overridden by logging specifications at the table, index,
materialized view, materialized view log, and partition levels.
Answer: AD
7. Which two statements are true about the primary key constraint in a table? (Choose two.)
A. It is not possible to disable the primary key constraint.
B. It is possible to have more than one primary key constraint in a single table.
C. The primary key constraint can be referred by only one foreign key constraint.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 5
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
D. The primary key constraint can be imposed by combining more than one column.
E. The nondeferrable
primary key constraint creates an unique index on the primary key column if it is not
already indexed.
Answer: DE
8. You want the user APP_DBA to administer the Oracle database from a remote machine. APP_DBA is
granted the SYSDBA privilege to perform administrative tasks on the database.
Which file is used by the Oracle database server to authenticate APP_DBA?
A. control file
B. password file
C. listener controller file
D. control file and password file
Answer: B
9. Which three statements are true regarding the logical structure of the Oracle database? (Choose
three.)
A. Each segment contains one or more extents.
B. Multiple tablespaces can share single data file.
C. A data block is the smallest unit of I/O for data files.
D. It is possible to have tablespaces of different block sizes in a database.
E. Each data block in the database always corresponds to one OS block.
Answer: ACD
10. Which is the memory area that is created when a dedicated server process is started, and contains
data and control information for that server process?
A. SGA
B. PGA
C. Shared Pool
D. Streams Pool
Answer: B
11. You find that the database performance degrades while you backup the PROD database using
Recovery Manager (RMAN). The PROD database is running in shared server mode. The database
instance is currently using 60% of total operating system memory. You suspect the shared pool
fragmentation to be the reason.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 6
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Which action would you consider to overcome the performance degradation?
A. Configure Java Pool to cache the java objects.
B. Configure Streams Pool to enable parallel processing.
C. Increase Shared Pool size to cache more PL/SQL objects.
D. Increase Database Buffer Cache size to increase cache hits.
E. Configure Large Pool to be used by RMAN and shared server.
F. Increase the total System Global Area (SGA) size to increase memory hits.
Answer: E
12. You execute the following command to audit the database activities:
SQL> AUDIT DROP ANY TABLE BY scott BY SESSION WHENEVER SUCCESSFUL?
What is the effect of this command?
A. One audit record is created for the whole session if user SCOTT successfully drops one or more tables
in his session.
B. One audit record is created for every session when any user successfully drops a table owned by
SCOTT.
C. One audit record is created for each successful DROP TABLE command executed by any user to drop
tables owned by SCOTT.
D. One audit record is generated for the session when SCOTT grants the DROP ANY TABLE privilege to
other users in his session.
E. One audit record is created for each successful DROP TABLE command executed in the session of
SCOTT.
Answer: A
13. The SAVE_AMT column in the ACCOUNTS table contains the balance details of customers in a bank.
As part of the yearend
tax and interest calculation process, all the rows in the table need to be accessed.
The bank authorities want to track access to the rows containing balance amounts exceeding $200,000,
and then send an alert message to the administrator.
Which method would you suggest to the bank for achieving this task?
A. implementing valuebased
auditing by using triggers
B. implementing finegrained
auditing with audit condition and event handler
C. performing standard database auditing to audit object privileges by setting the AUDIT_TRAIL
parameter to EXTENDED
D. performing standard database auditing to audit SQL statements with granularity level set to ACCESS
Answer: B
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 7
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
14. Which three statements are true regarding the finegrained
auditing (FGA)? (Choose three.)
A. FGA is possible on SELECT statements only.
B. The audit trail for FGA is stored in the FGA_LOG$ table.
C. The audit trail for FGA is stored in the AUD_LOG$ table.
D. FGA enables a SQL predicate to define when to audit an event.
E. FGA audits DELETE statements only when audit columns are specified.
F. FGA includes the SQL statement used by the user as part of the audit event entry.
Answer: BDF
15. You plan to use static database registration for a new listener when you create it. What could be the
two reasons for this? (Choose two.)
A. More than one database is to be registered with the listener.
B. The users will connect the database by using the host naming method.
C. The Oracle Enterprise Manager is to be used to monitor an Oracle9i database.
D. The database that is to be registered with the listener is configured in shared server mode.
E. The listener is not configured on the default port of 1521 and the instance is not configured to register
with a nondefault port.
Answer: CE
16. Which three pieces of information are to be mandatorily provided while creating a new listener using
Enterprise Manager Database Control? (Choose three.)
A. the port used by the listener
B. the protocol used by the listener
C. the server name where the listener runs
D. the log file and trace file destination for the listener
E. the database services to be registered with the listener
Answer: ABC
17. You have been recently hired as a database administrator. Your senior manager asks you to study the
production database server and submit a report on the settings done by the previous DBA. While
observing the server settings, you find that the following parameter has been set in the parameter file of
the database:
REMOTE_OS_AUTHENT = TRUE
What could have been the reason to set this parameter as TRUE?
A. to enable operating system authentication for a remote client
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 8
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B. to restrict the scope of administration to identical operating systems
C. to allow the start up and shut down of the database from a remote client
D. to enable the administration of the operating system from a remote client
E. to disable the administration of the operating system from a remote client
Answer: A
18. Which naming method uses the tnsnames.ora file to store the connect descriptor used by the client
while connecting to the database instance from a remote machine?
A. host naming method
B. local naming method
C. external naming method
D. directory naming method
Answer: B
19. Your tnsnames.ora file has the following entry for the service alias ORCL:
ORCL =
( DESCRIPTION =
(ADDRESS = (PROTOCOL = TCP)(HOST = 10.156.24.216)(PORT = 1521))
(CONNECT_DATA =
(SERVER = DEDICATED)
(SERVICE_NAME = orcl.oracle.com)
)
)
The TNSPING command executes successfully when tested with ORCL but you are not able to connect
to the database instance with the following command:
SQL> CONNECT scott/tiger@orcl
What could be the reason for this?
A. The listener is not running at the server.
B. The TNS_ADMIN environmental variable is set to a wrong value.
C. The orcl.oracle.com database service is not registered with the listener.
D. The DEFAULT_DOMAIN parameter is set to a wrong value in the SQLNET.ORA file.
Answer: C
20. Your database is open and users are connected using the LISTENER listener. The new DBA of the
system stops the listener by using the following command:
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 9
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
LSNRCTL> STOP
What would happen to the sessions that are presently connected to the database instance?
A. The sessions are able to perform only queries.
B. The sessions are not affected and continue to function normally.
C. The active transactions are rolled back and the sessions get terminated.
D. The sessions are not allowed to perform any operations till the listener is started.
Answer: B
21. Your database is started with SPFILE. You want the database instance to be dynamically registered
with a listener L2 with the following details:
Protocol: TCP
Host: indl151e
Port: 1525
Which is the correct order of the steps that you would follow to achieve this?
1. Set the LOCAL_LISTENER parameter to L2 dynamically.
2. Make an entry for L2 in tnsnames.ora on the database server.
3. Restart L2.
4. Modify the listener.ora file to add the instance name in SID_LIST of L2.
A. 1, 2, 4, 3
B. 1, 2, 3? 4 is not required.
C. 2, 1? 3 and 4 are not required.
D. 1, 2? 3 and 4 are not required.
Answer: C
22. Your database is not configured for session failover. Your tnsnames.ora file contains the following
details:
test.us.oracle.com=
(DESCRIPTION=
(ADDRESS_LIST=
(LOAD_BALANCE=off)
(FAILOVER=ON)
(ADDRESS=(PROTOCOL=tcp)(HOST=test1server)(
PORT=1521))
(ADDRESS=(PROTOCOL=tcp)(HOST=test2server)(
PORT=1521)))
(CONNECT_DATA=(SERVICE_NAME=test.us.oracle.com)))
Which feature is enabled in this case?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 10
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. Load balancing
B. Instance failover
C. Database failover
D. Connecttime
failover
E. Transparent Application Failover (TAF)
Answer: D
23. In which situation would you use the Oracle Shared Server configuration?
A. when performing export and import using Oracle Data Pump
B. when performing backup and recovery operations using Oracle Recovery Manager
C. when performing batch processing and bulk loading operation in a data warehouse environment
D. in an online transaction processing (OLTP) system where large number of client sessions are idle most
of the time
Answer: D
24. In your database, the STATISTICS_LEVEL initialization parameter is set to BASIC. What is the
impact of this setting?
A. The optimizer statistics are collected automatically.
B. Only the timed operating system (OS) statistics and plan execution statistics are collected.
C. The Oracle server dynamically generates the necessary statistics on tables as part of query
optimization.
D. The snapshots for the Automatic Workload Repository (AWR) are not generated automatically.
E. Snapshots cannot be collected manually by using DBMS_WORKLOAD_REPOSITORY PACKAGE.
Answer: D
25. Your database is functional with peak load for one hour. You want to preserve the performance
statistics collected during this period so that they can be used for comparison while analyzing the
performance of the database in the future.
What action would you take to achieve this task?
A. Set the STATISTICS_LEVEL initialization parameter to ALL.
B. Create a baseline on a pair of snapshots that have the statistics of the peakload
period in the
database.
C. Decrease the snapshot interval in the AWR to collect more number of snapshots during the peakload
period.
D. Set the snapshot retention period in the Automatic Workload Repository (AWR) to zero to avoid the
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 11
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
automatic purging of the snapshots.
Answer: B
26. The application workload on your database is same between 10 a.m. and 11 a.m. on weekdays.
Suddenly you observe poor performance between 10 a.m. and 11 a.m. in the middle of the week.
How would you identify the changes in configuration settings, workload profile, and statistics to diagnose
the possible causes of the performance degradation?
A. by using the SQL access advisor
B. by using the Automatic Workload Repository report
C. by running the Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM)
D. by using the Automatic Workload Repository Compare Period report
E. by analyzing the output of the V$ACTIVE_SESSION_HISTORY view
Answer: D
27. In your database, the snapshot interval is set to 10 minutes for the Automatic Workload Repository
(AWR). The database instance is running for the past 30 days.
View the Exhibit to examine the Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM) task.
The ADDM task is performed every 10 minutes, except the last task. What could be the reason for this?
A. The snapshot retention period for the AWR was increased before the last task.
B. The optimizer statistics for few objects in the database were locked before the last task.
C. The STATISTICS_LEVEL initialization parameter was changed to BASIC and reset to TYPICAL before
the last task.
D. The optimizer statistics was collected manually by using the DBMS_STATS package before the last
task.
Answer: C
28. Which two statements are true about the Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM)? (Choose
two.)
A. The ADDM runs after each AWR snapshot is collected.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 12
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B. The ADDM requires at least four AWR snapshots for analysis.
C. The ADDM analysis provides only the diagnostic information but does not provide recommendations.
D. The results of the ADDM analysis are stored in the Automatic Workload Repository (AWR).
E. The ADDM calls other advisors if required, but does not provide recommendations about the advisors.
Answer: AD
29. You want to monitor and control the resource usage by sessions. You want to be warned automatically
when more than 100 sessions are opened with your database.
What action would you take to achieve this?
A. Use the Database Resource Manager.
B. Set the limits in the profiles used by users.
C. Modify the SESSIONS initialization parameter.
D. Set the warning threshold for the Current Logons Count metric.
Answer: D
30. View the Exhibit to examine the output of the DBA_OUTSTANDING_ALERT view.
After 30 minutes, you executed the following command:
SQL> SELECT reason,metric_value FROM dba_outstanding_alerts?
REASON METRIC_VALUE
Tablespace
[TEST] is [28 perce 28.125
nt] full
What could be the two reasons for the elimination of the other rows in the output? (Choose two.)
A. The threshold alert conditions are cleared.
B. The threshold alerts are transferred to DBA_ALERT_HISTORY.
C. The nonthresholdbased
alerts are transferred to DBA_ALERT_HISTORY.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 13
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
D. The threshold alerts related to database metrics are permanently stored in DBA_ALERT_HISTORY
but not the threshold alerts related to instance metrics.
Answer: AB
31. You define an alert to be raised when the USERS tablespace usage has reached 80% of the total
space. Which area would you refer to, in order to confirm that the alert has been raised due the event?
A. the alert.log file
B. the DBA_ALERTS view
C. the Database Control Home page
D. the Database Control performance page
E. the Database Control Maintenance page
Answer: C
32. View the Exhibit, and examine the alert messages.
You added space to the TEST tablespace to bring the space usage below the threshold value.
Which statement is true about the Tablespace Full alert?
A. The alert is purged because it is a threshold alert.
B. The alert is cleared and transferred to the alert log file.
C. The alert is automatically cleared and sent to the alert history.
D. The alert appears in Oracle Enterprise Manager Database Control until it is manually cleared.
Answer: C
33. View the Exhibit and examine the output.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 14
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Which statement describes the conclusion?
A. The users should use bind variables instead of literals in the query.
B. The dictionary cache is consuming more space than the library cache.
C. The shared pool size should be increased to accommodate the SQL statements.
D. Preparing indexes on the tables used in the SQL statements would improve the library cache
performance.
Answer: A
34. You received complaints about the degradation of SQL query performance. You identified top SQL
queries that consume time. What would be your next step to find out recommendations about statistics
collection and restructuring of the SQL statement to improve query performance?
A. run Segment Advisor
B. run SQL Tuning Advisor on top SQL statements
C. run the Automatic Workload Repository (AWR) report
D. run the Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM) on top SQL statements
Answer: B
35. Users of HR schema complain about slowerthannormal
performance. On investigation the DBA
found that maintenance was recently performed on some of the tables. The DBA traced the query that
takes longer than normal to execute.
View the Exhibit exhibit_before.
After the DBA resolves the problem, the query performs normally.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 15
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
View the Exhibit exhibit_after.
What action would the DBA have taken to resolve the performance problem?
A. analyzed the EMPLOYEES table to collect the current statistics
B. moved the EMPLOYEES table in to a locally managed tablespace
C. moved the EMPLOYEES table to another location in the same tablespace
D. reorganized the associated indexes for the EMPLOYEES table that were in an unusable state
E. moved the indexes associated with the EMPLOYEES table to the same tablespace where the
EMPLOYEES table exists
Answer: D
36. Which statement is true when you run the SQL Tuning Advisor with limited scope?
A. Access path analysis is not performed for the SQL statements.
B. SQL structure analysis is not performed for the SQL statements.
C. SQL Profile recommendations are not generated for the SQL statements.
D. The staleness and absence of the statistics are not checked for the objects in the query supplied to the
SQL Tuning Advisor.
Answer: C
37. You work in a data warehouse environment that involves the execution of complex queries. The
current content of the SQL cache holds the ideal workload for analysis. You want to analyze only few most
resourceintensive
statements.
What would be your suggestion to receive recommendations on the efficient use of indexes and
materialized views to improve query performance?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 16
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. Run the SQL Access Advisor.
B. Run the SQL Tuning Advisor (STA).
C. Run the Automatic Workload Repository (AWR) report.
D. Run the Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM).
Answer: A
38. Your database is configured with the following parameters related to SGA:
SGA_TARGET=256MB
SHARED_POOL_SIZE=32MB
DB_CACHE_SIZE=100MB
LARGE_POOL_SIZE=0
JAVA_POOL_SIZE=0
STREAMS_POOL_SIZE=0
Which two statements are true about the configuration? (Choose two.)
A. The SGA_TARGET value cannot be sized smaller than 100 MB.
B. The shared pool and the default buffer pool will not be sized bigger than 32 MB and 100 MB,
respectively.
C. The shared pool and the default buffer pool will not be sized smaller than 32 MB and 100 MB,
respectively.
D. 124 MB (256 minus 132) of memory is available for use by all the manually sized components.
E. 124 MB (256 minus 132) of memory is available for use by all the manually and automatically sized
components.
Answer: CE
39. Which two statements are true regarding the SGA_TARGET initialization parameter? (Choose two.)
A. It can be increased up to the value of the SGA_MAX_SIZE parameter.
B. Increasing the value of SGA_TARGET up to the value of SGA_MAX_SIZE disables the automatic
shared memory management feature.
C. Reducing the value of the SGA_TARGET parameter takes away memory from both autotuned and
manually sized components.
D. Increasing the value of the SGA_TARGET parameter distributes the increased memory among all the
autotuned components.
Answer: AD
40. In the middle of a transaction, a user session was abnormally terminated but the instance is still up
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 17
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
and the database is open.
Which two statements are true in this scenario? (Choose two.)
A. Event Viewer gives more details on the failure.
B. The alert log file gives detailed information about the failure.
C. PMON rolls back the transaction and releases the locks.
D. SMON rolls back the transaction and releases the locks.
E. The transaction is rolled back by the next session that refers to any of the blocks updated by the failed
transaction.
F. Data modified by the transaction up to the last commit before the abnormal termination is retained in
the database.
Answer: CF
41. You are working on the 24X7 database with high transaction volume, to ensure faster instance
recovery on your database you set the FAST_START_MTTR_TARGET initialization parameter to a very
low value. What effect it will have on the database?
A. The database performance would be enhanced.
B. The redo log files would be get filled more frequently.
C. The overall database performance would be degraded.
D. The mean time to recover (MTTR) would be increased.
Answer: C
42. Because of a power outage, instance failure has occurred. From what point in the redo log does
recovery begin and where does it end?
A. current redo log and inactive redo log
B. checkpoint position to end of redo log
C. beginning of redo log to end of redo log
D. all redo logs before the point of last commit
E. beginning of redo log to checkpoint position
Answer: B
43. View the Exhibit.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 18
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
What would happen if you change the value of Desired Mean Time To Recover to 30?
A. The MTTR Advisor would be enabled.
B. The Redo Log Advisor would be disabled.
C. Automatic checkpoint tuning would be disabled.
D. The redo log from log buffers would be written to redo log files at a slower rate.
Answer: A
44. What is the implication of setting the initialization parameter FAST_START_MTTR_TARGET to 0 in
your database?
A. MTTR Advisor would be disabled.
B. Redo Log Advisor would be disabled.
C. Automatic tuning of checkpoint would be disabled.
D. Checkpoint information would not be written to the alert log file.
Answer: C
45. You want to protect your database from single point of failure by multiplexing the control file. Your
database is started using SPFILE. You have to perform the following tasks:
1. Shut down the database instance.
2. Copy the control file to new location.
3. Configure the CONTROL_FILES parameter.
4. Restart the instance.
Select the correct order in which these tasks need to be performed.
A. 1,2,3,4
B. 3,2,1,4
C. 3,1,2,4
D. 2,3,1,4
Answer: C
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 19
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
46. Your database is having two control files, three redo log file groups with two members in each group.
Failure of which file would cause an instance to shut down?
A. any control file
B. any archive log file
C. one of the redo log members
D. loss of the initialization parameter file
E. any data file belonging to the default permanent tablespace
Answer: A
47. Which two statements are true regarding the database in ARCHIVELOG mode? (Choose two.)
A. You have to shut down the database to perform the backups.
B. Archiving information is written to the data files and redo log files.
C. You can perform complete database backups without closing the database.
D. Online redo log files have to be multiplexed before putting the database in ARCHIVELOG mode.
E. All the previous database backups become invalid after you configure the database to ARCHIVELOG
mode.
Answer: CE
48. Which two statements regarding archive log destinations are true? (Choose two.)
A. A maximum of 10 destinations can be specified.
B. The archive logs must be written to all the destinations.
C. The archive log files can be written only to local destinations.
D. The archiving information can be traced to the alert log file whenever the archiving to a destination is
successful.
E. The number of archiving destinations must be equal to the number of archive processes (ARCn).
Answer: AD
49. Your test database is running in NOARCHIVELOG mode. What are the implications of this?
A. You can perform open database backups.
B. You can perform closed database backups.
C. You cannot perform schemalevel
logical backups.
D. You can perform the backup of only the SYSTEM tablespace when the database is open.
Answer: B
50. Which two statements about Recovery Manager (RMAN) backups are true? (Choose two.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 20
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. Online redo log files can be backed up.
B. Archived redo log files are backed up.
C. Only used data blocks can be backed up as backup sets.
D. Only consistent database backups can be performed.
E. RMAN backup can be taken only if the database is configured in ARCHIVELOG mode.
Answer: BC
51. Your database is open, and you plan to perform Recovery Manager (RMAN) backups. Which three
statements are true about these backups? (Choose three.)
A. The backups would be consistent.
B. The backups would be inconsistent.
C. The backups need to be restored and database has to be recovered in case of a media failure.
D. The backups need not be restored during recovery in case of a media failure.
E. The backups would be possible only if the database is running in ARCHIVELOG mode.
F. The backups would be possible only if the database is running in NOARCHIVELOG mode.
Answer: BCE
52. You perform differential incremental level 1 backups of your database on each working day and level 0
backup on Sundays.
Which two statements are true about the differential incremental backups? (Choose two.)
A. The backup performed on Sundays contains all the blocks that have ever been use in the database.
B. The backup performed on Sundays contains all the blocks that have changed since the last level 1
backup.
C. The backup performed on each working day contains all the blocks that have changed since the last
level 0 or level 1 backup.
D. The backup performed on each working day contains all the blocks that have changed since the last
level 0 backup.
Answer: AC
53. According to your backup strategy, you performed an incremental level 0 backup of your database.
Which statement regarding this backup is true?
A. The backup is similar to image copy.
B. The backup contains all used data blocks.
C. The backup contains only unused data blocks.
D. The backup contains all data blocks changed since the last incremental level 1 backup.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 21
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Answer: B
54. On which three can you use Recovery Manager (RMAN) to perform incremental backup? (Choose
three.)
A. data files
B. control files
C. tablespaces
D. password file
E. parameter file
F. whole database
G. flashback log file
H. archived log files
I. change tracking file
Answer: ACF
55. You scheduled a backup by using the Schedule Backup option in Oracle Enterprise Manager.
Which statement about the script created by Oracle Enterprise Manager is true?
A. It is a SQL script.
B. It is a PL/SQL file.
C. It is an operating system (OS) file.
D. It is a Recovery Manager (RMAN) script.
Answer: D
56. You backed up the control file to trace. Which statement is true about the trace file generated?
A. The trace file is in binary format.
B. The trace file has a SQL script to recreate
the control file.
C. The trace file is a backup set created during the backup of the control file.
D. The trace file contains the instructions to manually recreate
the control file.
E. The trace file is an image copy of the control file created during the backup of the control file.
Answer: B
57. Your database is in NOARCHIVELOG mode. After which two operations you should take the backup
of control file ? (Choose two.)
A. adding a new user to the database
B. dropping a user from the database
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 22
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
C. dropping a table from the database
D. dropping a data file from a tablespace
E. adding a new tablespace to the database
Answer: DE
58. You executed the following command to back up your control file:
ALTER DATABASE BACKUP CONTROLFILE TO TRACE?
Which initialization parameter is used to specify the location of the trace file?
A. USER_DUMP_DEST
B. CORE_DUMP_DEST
C. TRACE_DUMP_DEST
D. BACKUP_DUMP_DEST
E. BACKGROUND_DUMP_DEST
Answer: A
59. You notice this warning in the alert log file:
ORA19815:
WARNING: db_recovery_file_dest_size of 3221225472 bytes is 100.00% used, and has 0
remaining bytes available.
What would you do to reclaim the used space in the Flash Recovery Area?
A. Back up the Flash Recovery Area.
B. Increase the retention time for the files.
C. Decrease the retention time for the files.
D. Manually delete all the archived log files from the Flash Recovery Area by using operating system (OS)
commands.
Answer: AC
60. Your database instance is started using the server parameter file (SPFILE). Control files are
multiplexed and stored on different disks. Because of a disk failure, you lost one of these control files. You
replaced the damaged disk.
What is the correct sequence of steps that you would follow to recover the control file?
1. Shut down the instance, if not already done.
2. Copy one of the remaining control files to a new location.
3. Change the value of the CONTROL_FILES initialization parameter to correspond to the new location of
the control files.
4. Start up the database instance to the NOMOUNT stage.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 23
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
5. Recover the database to the point of failure of the control file.
6. Open the database.
A. 5,2,3,4
B. 1,2,4,3,5
C. 2,4,3,4,5
D. 4,5,6,2,3
Answer: B
61. Your database is configured in NOARCHIVELOG mode. All the control files have been lost due to a
hard disk failure but the data files are not lost. You have the closed whole database backup available to
you.
Which two statements are true in this scenario? (Choose two.)
A. The instance aborts.
B. The database cannot be recovered.
C. The database can be recovered by restoring the control files from the backup.
D. The database remains opened and you have to shut it down with the ABORT option.
E. The database can be restored till the point of the last closed whole database backup.
Answer: AE
62. In your database, the Log Writer (LGWR) process is unable to write to a member of a current redo log
group due to read/write failure. Which two effects would you see in your database? (Choose two.)
A. The database instance aborts.
B. The database operation temporarily halts till the member becomes available.
C. Writing proceeds as normal. LGWR writes to the available members of a group and ignores the
unavailable members.
D. The member would be marked as STALE and an error message would be written to the alert log file
and LGWR trace file.
E. The status of the group changes to INACTIVE and an error message would be written to the alert log
file and LGWR trace file.
Answer: CD
63. Redo log files are not multiplexed in your database. Redo log blocks are corrupted in group 2, and
archiving has stopped. All the redo logs are filled and database activity is halted. Database writer has
written everything to disk. Which command would you execute to proceed further?
A. RECOVER LOGFILE BLOCK GROUP 2?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 24
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B. ALTER DATABASE DROP LOGFILE GROUP 2?
C. ALTER DATABASE CLEAR LOGFILE GROUP 2?
D. ALTER DATABASE RECOVER LOGFILE GROUP 2?
E. ALTER DATABASE CLEAR UNARCHIVED LOGFILE GROUP 2?
Answer: E
64. Which statement is true about the loss of systemcritical
data files in ARCHIVELOG mode?
A. The data files can be recovered till the last committed transaction.
B. The data files can be recovered without shutting down the database.
C. The data file is taken offline automatically? the database remains open.
D. The data files can be recovered to the time of the most recent backup.
Answer: A
65. Data files of which three tablespaces can be recovered by performing an open recovery? (Choose
three.)
A. TEMP
B. UNDO
C. INDEX
D. SYSAUX
E. SYSTEM
Answer: ACD
66. Due to media failure you lost one of the data files belonging to the USERS tablespace, and the
tablespace is not available to use. Which statement regarding the status of the database is true?
A. The database remains open.
B. The database gets dismounted.
C. The database becomes read only.
D. The database instance gets aborted.
E. The database gets shut down automatically.
F. The status of the database depends on the status of the USERS tablespace.
Answer: A
67. Your database is in NOARCHIVELOG mode and a logswitch happens every 20 minutes. On Thursday
morning, media failure resulted in corruption of a data file belonging to the TOOLS tablespace. Backups
are taken on every Sunday.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 25
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
What would you do in this situation?
A. recover using Oracle Flashback Database technology
B. restore the data files from backup and perform a complete recovery
C. restore only the corrupted data file and perform tablespace recovery
D. restore the data files from backup and perform cancelbased
recovery
E. restore the entire database from the most recent backup and start the instance and open the database
Answer: E
68. Which two operations can be flashed back using the Flashback technology? (Choose two.)
A. DROP USER SMITH?
B. DROP TABLE EMPLOYEES?
C. DROP TABLESPACE USERS?
D. ALTER TABLE SALES_REP DROP PARTITION P1?
E. ALTER TABLE EMPLOYEES DROP COLUMN DESIG_ID?
Answer: AB
69. You are working on an online transaction processing (OLTP) system. You notice that a PL/SQL
procedure got executed twice at 2:00 p.m. This has incorrectly updated the EMP_SAL table.
How would you revert the table to its state at 2:00 p.m.?
A. Perform pointintime
recovery to 2:00 p.m.
B. Use Flashback Table feature to revert the changes.
C. Restore the entire database from the recent backup and open it.
D. Issue the rollback statement with system change number (SCN).
Answer: B
70. Examine the following commands executed in your database:
SQL> ALTER SESSION RECYCLEBIN=ON?
Session altered
SQL> CREATE TABLE emp TABLESPACE tbsfd AS SELECT * FROM hr.employees?
Table created.
Further, you executed the following command to drop the table:
SQL> DROP TABLE emp?
Table dropped.
What happens in this scenario?
A. The table is moved to the SYSAUX tablespace.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 26
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B. The table is moved to the SYSTEM tablespace.
C. The table is removed from the database permanently.
D. The table is renamed and remains in the TBSFD tablespace.
Answer: D
71. Which two statements about Flashback Query are true? (Choose two.)
A. It is generated by using the redo log files.
B. It helps in rowlevel
recovery from user errors.
C. It can be performed to recover ALTER TABLE statements
D. It fails when undo data pertaining to the transaction is overwritten.
E. The database has to be opened with the resetlogs option after performing Flashback Query.
Answer: BD
72. You want to move all the objects of the APPS user in the test database to the DB_USER schema of
the production database. Which option of IMPDP would you use to accomplish this task?
A. FULL
B. SCHEMAS
C. REMAP_SCHEMA
D. REMAP_DATAFILES
E. REMAP_TABLESPACE
Answer: C
73. User SCOTT wants to export his objects using Oracle Data Pump and executes the following
command:
$ expdp scott/tiger
directory = EXPORT_DIR
dumpfile = scott.dmp
include = table
include = view:"like '%DEPARTMENTS%'"
content = DATA_ONLY
Which task would the command accomplish?
A. Oracle Data Pump would export only the data of all of the tables and views.
B. Oracle Data Pump would export all of the table structures along with data and all the views.
C. Oracle Data Pump would export the table data and the view definitions where the view name contains
a string named DEPARTMENTS.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 27
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
D. Oracle Data Pump would export the table data and the view definitions with data where view name
contains a string named DEPARTMENTS.
E. Oracle Data Pump would export all of the table structures and the view definitions with data where view
name contains a string named DEPARTMENTS.
Answer: C
74. View the Exhibit to see the source and target databases.
You have created a database link, devdb.us.oracle.com, between the databases PRODDB and DEVDB.
You want to import schema objects of the HR user using Oracle Data Pump from the development
database, DEVDB, to the production database, PRODDB. You execute the following command on the
target database server:
$impdp system/manager directory = DB_DATA
dumpfile = schemas.dat
schemas = hr
flashback_time = 20040203
09:00
The command fails, displaying the following error:
ORA39001:
invalid argument value
ORA39000:
bad dump file specification
ORA31640:
unable to open dump file "/home/oracle/schema/schemas.dat" for read
ORA27037:
unable to obtain file status
What would you do to overcome the error?
A. remove the dumpfile option in the command
B. remove the flashback_time option in the command
C. add the user, SYSTEM, to the schemas option in the command
D. add network_link = devdb.us.oracle.com option in the command
E. remove the schemas option and add the network_link = devdb.us.oracle.com option in the command
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 28
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
F. remove the dumpfile option and add the network_link = devdb.us.oracle.com option in the command
Answer: F
75. You are using flat files as the data source for one of your data warehousing applications. You plan to
move the data from the flat file structures to an Oracle database to optimize the application performance.
In your database you have clustered tables.
While migrating the data, you want to have minimal impact on the database performance and optimize the
data load operation. Which method would you use to load data into Oracle database?
A. use the external table population
B. use the Oracle Data Pump export and import utility
C. use the conventional path data load of SQL*Loader utility
D. use the direct path data load of Oracle export and import utility
Answer: C
76. You have a large amount of historical data in an operating system file. Some analysts in your
organization need to query this data. The file is too large to load into your current database. Which is the
most effective method to accomplish the task?
A. Upgrade the hardware/memory to accommodate the data.
B. Load the data into your database by using the PARALLEL clause.
C. Give analysts DBA privilege, so that they can query DBA_EXTERNAL_TABLES.
D. Use an external table so you can have the metadata available in your database, but leave the data in
the operating system files.
Answer: D
77. A user wants to connect to the database instance from an application that is running on a remote
machine. Which tools should the DBA use to establish the required configuration to ensure that the user is
able to connect to the database instance? (Choose two.)
A. Data Pump
B. Oracle Net Manager
C. Oracle Enterprise Manager
D. Oracle Universal Installer (OUI)
E. Database Configuration Assistant (DBCA)
Answer: BC
78. You have a text file that maintains information on thousands of items. The enduser
application
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 29
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
requires the transfer of that information into a table in the database. What would you use to achieve this
task? (Choose two.)
A. Oracle Text
B. Data Pump
C. SQL*Loader
D. Oracle Import
E. External table
Answer: CE
79. While planning to manage more than one database in your system, you perform the following
activities:
1. Organize different categories of files into independent subdirectories.
2. Use consistent naming convention for database files.
3. Separate administrative information pertaining to each database.
Which option corresponds to the type of activities performed by you?
A. Oracle Managed Files
B. Oracle Grid Architecture
C. Optimal Flexible Architecture
D. Oracle database architecture
Answer: C
80. While running the Oracle Universal Installer on a Unix platform to install Oracle Database 10g
software, you are prompted to run orainstRoot.sh script. What does this script accomplish?
A. It creates the pointer file.
B. It creates the base directory.
C. It creates the Inventory pointer file.
D. It creates the Oracle user for installation.
E. It modifies the Unix kernel parameters to match Oracle's requirement.
Answer: C
81. Which is the correct description of the significance of the ORACLE_HOME environmental variable?
A. It specifies the directory containing the Oracle software.
B. It specifies the directory containing the OracleManaged
Files.
C. It specifies the directory for database files, if not specified explicitly.
D. It specifies the base directory of Optimal Flexible Architecture (OFA).
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 30
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Answer: A
82. You want to set up the Oracle Database 10g installation to follow the French language, with France as
the territory, and the date to be displayed in French for all users' sessions. Which environmental variable
would you set to achieve this objective?
A. NLS_LANG
B. NLS_LANGUAGE
C. NLS_TERRITORY
D. NLS_CHARACTERSET
E. NLS_DATE_LANGUAGE
F. NLS_LENGTH_SEMANTICS
G. NLS_NCHAR_CHARACTERSET
Answer: A
83. You created a response file and want to check it before starting installations in silent mode. You
started installation of Oracle software in interactive mode by providing the response file. In the middle of
the installation, you realize that the behavior of the Oracle Universal Installer (OUI) is not consistent with
the response file.
What action would you take to detect the cause of this behavior?
A. Compare the contents of the install.log file with the response file.
B. Refer to the contents of the oraInst.loc file to verify the steps performed by OUI.
C. Compare the contents of the installActions.log file with that of the response file.
D. Refer to the alert log file for information regarding the actions performed by OUI during installation.
Answer: C
84. You want to create a new optimized database for your transactional production environment to be
used by a financial application. While creating the database, you want the Oracle software to take care of
all basic settings to optimize the database performance.
Which method would you use to achieve this objective?
A. Use the CREATE DATABASE .. command to create the database with Oraclemanaged
files.
B. Use the Database Configuration Assistant (DBCA) to create the database with Oraclemanaged
files.
C. Use Enterprise Manager to create a new database with the Online Transaction Processing (OLTP)
option.
D. Use Database Configuration Assistant (DBCA) to create the database with Transaction Processing
template.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 31
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
E. Use the CREATE DATABASE .. command to create the database with Automatic Storage Management
(ASM) file system.
Answer: D
85. While setting up an Oracle database for one of your critical applications, you want to ensure that the
database is backed up at regular intervals without your intervention. What should you do to achieve the
objective?
A. configure the database to run in ARCHIVELOG mode
B. configure the Flash Recovery Area to enable automatic database backup
C. schedule the database backup using DBMS_JOB package after creating the database
D. schedule the database backup using Recovery Manager (RMAN) commands after creating the
database
E. schedule the database backup using Database Configuration Assistant (DBCA) while creating the
database
Answer: E
86. After being hired as a database administrator, you find that there is only one database that is
functional and that is being accessed by the applications. You want to create a replica of the database, to
be used for testing purposes.
What is the best method to create the replica?
A. create a database by using CREATE DATABASE .. command and manually copy the data
B. use Database Configuration Assistant (DBCA) to create a template from the existing database to
contain the database structure
C. use DBCA to create a template from the existing database to contain the database structure and then
manually copy the data using Oracle Data Pump
D. use DBCA to create a template from the existing database to contain the database structure with data
files and then use the same template to create the database in the new location
Answer: D
87. When you try to start the Database Control by using the emctl start dbconsole command the following
error is displayed:
TZ set to America/New_york
OC4J Configuration issue.
/u01/app/oracle/product/10.1.0/db_1/oc4j/j2ee/OC4J_DBConsole_orcl.us.oracle.com not found.
Which two environment variables do you need to set appropriately to avoid such errors, and start the
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 32
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Database Control successfully? (Choose two.)
A. NLS_LANG
B. ORACLE_SID
C. ORACLE_HOME
D. ORACLE_BASE
E. LD_LIBRARY_PATH
Answer: BC
88. Your database is started by using the server parameter file (SPFILE). You issued this command to
change the value of the LOG_BUFFER initialization parameter:
ALTER SYSTEM SET LOG_BUFFER=24M SCOPE=BOTH?
What would be the outcome of this command?
A. The command would return an error because LOG_BUFFER is a static parameter.
B. The parameter value would be changed and it would come into effect immediately.
C. You need to restart the database so that parameter changes can come into effect.
D. The command would succeed only if initialization parameter LOG_ARCHIVE_MAX_PROCESS is set
to value 2.
Answer: A
89. Which statement regarding the contents of the V$PARAMETER view is true?
A. displays only the list of default values
B. displays only the list of all basic parameters
C. displays the currently in effect parameter values
D. displays only the list of all advanced parameters
E. displays the list of all the parameter files of a database
F. displays the current contents of the server parameter file
Answer: C
90. Which three statements are true about the stages of database startup? (Choose three.)
A. Data files and redo log files can be renamed at the MOUNT stage.
B. Control files are read at the OPEN stage for the location of data files.
C. Control files are required to bring the database to the NOMOUNT stage.
D. Data files and redo log files are made available to users at the OPEN stage.
E. Data files and online redo log files are checked for consistency while opening the database.
Answer: ADE
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 33
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
91. Which two database operations can be performed at the MOUNT stage of database startup? (Choose
two.)
A. renaming of data files
B. dropping the database user
C. renaming of control files
D. multiplexing of control files
E. configuring the database in ARCHIVELOG mode
Answer: AE
92. You executed the STARTUP MOUNT command to start your database.
For which database operation do you need to start the database in the MOUNT state?
A. renaming the control files
B. dropping a user in your database
C. enabling or disabling redo log archiving
D. dropping a tablespace in your database
E. recreating
the control files, after you lost all the control files in your database
Answer: C
93. You have to shut down the database instance with the ABORT option because of a hardware failure.
Which statement is true about the subsequent opening of the database?
A. The database would open normally.
B. The database would not open, and it would stop at mount stage.
C. The database would open after automatically performing instance recovery.
D. The database would not open, and you have to perform database recovery to open it.
Answer: C
94. What are the consequences of executing the SHUTDOWN ABORT command? (Choose two.)
A. The database files are synchronized.
B. Uncommitted changes are not rolled back.
C. The database is closed, but the instance is still started.
D. Database buffers and redo buffers are not written to the disk.
E. The database undergoes automatic media recovery during the next startup.
Answer: BD
95. The junior DBA in your organization has accidentally deleted the alert log file. What will you do to
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 34
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
create new alert log file?
A. Create the new text file file as ALERT.LOG.
B. You have to recover the alert log file from the valid backup.
C. Change the value for the BACKGROUND_DUMP_DEST parameter.
D. No action required.The file would be created automatically by the instance.
Answer: D
96. Your alert log file has the following information:
Tue May 25 17:43:38 2004
ORA00060:
Deadlock detected. More info in file
/u01/app/oracle/admin/ORCL/udump/orcl_ora_3173.trc.
What would you do to ensure that database is still running correctly?
A. examine the trace file and kill the session that caused the deadlock
B. examine the trace file and kill both the sessions responsible for the deadlock
C. examine the trace file for details and ask the user who caused the deadlock to roll back the transaction
D. examine the trace file for details and remember that deadlocks are resolved automatically by Oracle
database
E. examine the trace file for details and use the Undo Advisor to rollback the transaction that caused the
deadlock
Answer: D
97. You executed the following command to start the database:
SQL> STARTUP
ORACLE instance started.
Total System Global Area 281018368 bytes
Fixed Size 789000 bytes
Variable Size 229635576 bytes
Database Buffers 50331648 bytes
Redo Buffers 262144 bytes
ORA00205:
error in identifying controlfile, check alert log for more info
Which view would you query at this stage to investigate this missing control file?
A. V$INSTANCE
B. V$CONTROLFILE
C. DBA_CONTROL_FILES
D. V$DATABASE_PROPERTIES
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 35
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
E. V$CONTROLFILE_RECORD_SECTION
Answer: B
98. View this parameter setting in your database:
DB_CREATE_FILE_DEST='D:\oracle\product\10.2.0\oradata\oracle'
You created a tablespace by using this command:
CREATE TABLESPACE USERS?
Which two statements are true about the USERS tablespace? (Choose two.)
A. The tablespace has two data files.
B. An error is reported and tablespace creation fails.
C. Data files are created with names generated by the instance.
D. The tablespace can be extended without specifying the data file.
E. Data files belonging to the USERS tablespace cannot be renamed.
Answer: CD
99. Which two statements about bigfile tablespaces are true? (Choose two.)
A. The bigfile tablespace have only one data file.
B. The segment space management is automatic.
C. The extent management is dictionary managed.
D. The database can have only one bigfile tablespace.
E. The bigfile tablespace can be converted to a smallfile tablespace.
Answer: AB
100. You are working on a database created with the Oracle Database 10g software in which the
initialization parameter COMPATIBLE is set to 10.0.0. The hr_tbs tablespace in the database is created as
follows:
CREATE TABLESPACE hr_tbs DATAFILE '/oracle/oradata/hr_tbs.dbf' SIZE 50M?
View the Exhibit to see the properties of the database.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 36
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Which statement is correct in this scenario?
A. hr_tbs is a bigfile tablespace.
B. hr_tbs is a dictionarymanaged
tablespace.
C. All the tablespaces in the database will be locally managed by default.
D. All the tablespaces in the database must be of the smallfile tablespace type.
E. The tablespace type bigfile or smallfile must be mentioned in the command.
Answer: C
101. You specified extent management as local for a tablespace. How will it affect space management in
the tablespace?
A. All the extents will be of the same size.
B. Bitmap will be used to record free and allocated extents.
C. Free extents will be managed by the data dictionary tables.
D. The tablespace will be system managed and the users cannot specify the extent size.
Answer: B
102. You specified segment space management as automatic for a tablespace. What effect would this
have on space management?
A. Extents would be managed by the freelists.
B. The segment would be managed by bitmaps.
C. The segment would be managed by the freelists.
D. Free space would be managed by the data dictionary.
Answer: B
103. You want to create a tablespace with the following specifications:
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 37
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
1. The tablespace extends automatically.
2. Used and free extents should be managed by bitmaps.
3. Default PCTUSED attribute is set to 60.
4. All the extents would be of size 1 MB.
Which three options would you choose to create the tablespace? (Choose three.)
A. tablespace with AUTOEXTEND enabled
B. tablespace with dictionarymanaged
extents
C. tablespace with a uniform extent allocation of 1 MB
D. tablespace with segment space management as manual
E. tablespace with segment space management as automatic
Answer: ACD
104. You are creating a locally managed tablespace to meet the following requirements:
All the extents should be of the same size.
The data should be spread across two data files.
A bitmap should be used to record the free space within the allocated extents.
Which three options would you choose? (Choose three.)
A. set PCTFREE and PCTUSED to 50
B. specify extent allocation as Uniform
C. specify extent allocation as Automatic
D. create the tablespace as bigfile tablespace
E. create the tablespace as smallfile tablespace
F. set segment space management to Automatic
G. use the RESIZE clause while creating the tablespace
Answer: BEF
105. View the Exhibit.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 38
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Your Oracle 10g database has 6 tablespaces in which:
TEMP
is the default temporary tablespace
UNDOTBS1
is the default undo tablespace
USERS
is the default permanent tablespace
In this database, which two tablespaces can be made read only? (Choose two.)
A. TEMP
B. PROD
C. USERS
D. SYSAUX
E. SYSTEM
F. UNDOTBS1
Answer: BC
106. Your database is running in the ARCHIVELOG mode. You placed a tablespace, tbs_1, offline with the
immediate option. Which statement is correct in this scenario?
A. The operation would fail if tbs_1 were a readonly
tablespace.
B. The operation would fail if tbs_1 were a read/write tablespace.
C. The operation would fail if tbs_1 were the default tablespace for the database.
D. If the above operation were successful, media recovery would be required to bring the tablespace
online.
E. If the above operation were successful, instance recovery would be required to bring the tablespace
online.
Answer: D
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 39
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
107. View the Exhibit.
Your Oracle 10g database has 6 tablespaces in which:
TEMP
is the default temporary tablespace
UNDOTBS1
is the default undo tablespace
USERS
is the default permanent tablespace
In this database, which three tablespaces can be made offline? (Choose three.)
A. TEMP
B. PROD
C. USERS
D. SYSAUX
E. SYSTEM
F. UNDOTBS1
Answer: BCD
108. Which two statement about Automatic Storage Management (ASM) are true? (Choose two.)
A. ASM provides mirroring on file by file basis.
B. ASM provides automatic load balancing across all ASM disks.
C. ASM supports the Oracle database and operating system files.
D. ASM can be used to store trace files, alert log files, and the server parameter file (SPFILE).
Answer: AB
109. View the Exhibit to observe the message received while trying to drop the SL_REP user in Oracle
Enterprise Manager.
The SL_REP user owns objects and is currently connected to the database instance. What would happen
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 40
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
if you click YES in the Exhibit?
A. An error is returned, and the user is not dropped.
B. The drop operation waits until the session started by the user ends.
C. The user is dropped successfully, and the session started by the user is killed.
D. The user is dropped, and the objects owned by the user are transferred to the recycle bin.
Answer: A
110. You execute the following set of commands to create a database user and to grant the system
privileges in your production environment.
SQL> CREATE USER user01
IDENTIFIED BY oracle
DEFAULT TABLESPACE tbs1
TEMPORARY TABLESPACE temp
PROFILE default
/
SQL> GRANT create session, create table TO user01?
While executing the command to create a table, the user gets the following error message and the
CREATE TABLE. . command fails.
ERROR at line 1:
ORA01950:
no privileges on tablespace
What could be the possible reason for this error message?
A. The tablespace TBS1 is full.
B. The user is not the owner of the SYSTEM tablespace.
C. The user does not have quota on the TBS1 tablespace.
D. The user does not have sufficient system privileges to create table in the TBS1 tablespace.
E. The user does not have sufficient privileges to create table on the default permanent tablespace.
Answer: C
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 41
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
111. Which two statements are true about the roles in the Oracle database? (Choose two.)
A. A role can be granted to itself.
B. Roles are owned by the SYS user.
C. Roles can be granted to other roles.
D. A role cannot be assigned external authentication.
E. A role can contain both system and object privileges.
Answer: CE
112. View the Exhibit to observe the roles assigned to the SCOTT user.
Which statement is true about the assignment of the SELECT_CATALOG_ROLE role to the SCOTT
user?
A. The user cannot use the role at all.
B. The user can grant the role to other users.
C. The user needs to enable the role explicitly.
D. The user can start using the role immediately.
Answer: C
113. View the Exhibit to observe the privileges granted to the MGR_ROLE role.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 42
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
The SCOTT user has been granted the CONNECT and RESOURCE roles only. The database
administrator (DBA) grants MGR_ROLE to the SCOTT user by using this command:
SQL> GRANT MGR_ROLE TO SCOTT WITH ADMIN OPTION?
Which statement is true about the SCOTT user after he is granted this role?
A. The SCOTT user can grant the MGR_ROLE role and the privileges in it to other users.
B. The SCOTT user can grant the privileges in the MGR_ROLE role to other users but not with
ADMIN_OPTION.
C. The SCOTT user can grant only the MGR_ROLE role to other users but not the privileges in it.
D. The SCOTT user can grant the privileges in the MGR_ROLE role to other users but cannot revoke
privileges from them.
Answer: C
114. The HR user owns the EMP table. The HR user grants privileges to the SCOTT user by using this
command:
SQL> GRANT SELECT,INSERT,UPDATE ON emp TO scott WITH GRANT OPTION?
The SCOTT user executes this command to grant privileges to the JIM user:
SQL> GRANT SELECT,INSERT,UPDATE ON hr.emp TO jim?
Now the HR user decides to revoke privileges from JIM by using this command:
SQL> REVOKE SELECT,INSERT,UPDATE ON emp FROM jim?
Which statement is true after HR issues the REVOKE command?
A. The command succeeds and privileges are revoked from JIM.
B. The command fails because SCOTT still has privileges with him.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 43
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
C. The command fails because HR cannot revoke the privileges from JIM.
D. Only HR can perform SELECT, INSERT, and UPDATE operations on the EMP table.
Answer: C
115. A user complains about getting this error after issuing a certain SQL statement:
ORA02393:
exceeded call limit on CPU usage
Because of the error, the SQL statement gets aborted. What action would you take to increase the CPU
usage limit in the subsequent sessions of the user?
A. Modify the resource limit in the profile used by the user.
B. Set the RESOURCE_LIMIT initialization parameter to FALSE.
C. Increase the value of the SESSION_CACHED_CURSORS initialization parameter.
D. Increase the value of the SESSION_MAX_OPEN_FILES initialization parameter.
Answer: A
116. A user complains that he gets the following error message repeatedly after executing some SQL
statements. The error message forces the user to log off from and log on to the database to continue his
work.
ORA02392:
exceeded session limit on CPU usage, you are being logged off
Which action would you take to increase the session limit on CPU usage?
A. Modify the profile assigned to the user.
B. Modify the roles assigned to the users.
C. Modify the object privileges assigned to the user.
D. Modify the system privileges assigned to the users.
E. Modify the value for the RESOURCE_LIMIT parameter in the parameter file.
Answer: A
117. Which three statements are correct about temporary tables? (Choose three.)
A. Indexes and views can be created on temporary tables.
B. Both the data and the structure of temporary tables can be exported.
C. Temporary tables are always created in a user's temporary tablespace.
D. The data inserted into a temporary table in a session is available to other sessions.
E. Data manipulation language (DML) locks are never acquired on the data of temporary tables.
Answer: ACE
118. You want to refer the employee personal information stored in operating system(OS) files in
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 44
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
EMPLOYEE table. You plan to add a new column to EMPLOYEE table to achieve this.
Which data type would you use for the new column?
A. BLOB
B. CLOB
C. BFILE
D. LONG RAW
Answer: C
119. View the Exhibit.
The DBA creates a new user as follows:
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 45
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
SQL> CREATE USER manfus IDENTIFIED BY manfus TEMPORARY TABLESPACE temp?
User manfus creates a table as follows:
SQL> CREATE TABLE material(id NUMBER(3))?
In which tablespace will the material table be created?
A. TEMP
B. PROD
C. USERS
D. SYSAUX
E. SYSTEM
Answer: C
120. A constraint in a table is defined with the INITIALLY IMMEDIATE clause. You executed the ALTER
TABLE command with the ENABLE VALIDATE option to enable the constraint that was disabled.
What are the two effects of this command? (Choose two.)
A. It fails if any existing row violates the constraint.
B. It does not validate the existing data in the table.
C. It enables the constraint to be enforced at the end of each transaction.
D. It prevents insert, update, and delete operations on the table while the constraint is in the process of
being enabled.
Answer: AD
121. View the Exhibit.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 46
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Which statement regarding the dept and emp tables is true?
A. When you delete a row from the emp table, you would receive a constraint violation error.
B. When you delete a row from the dept table, you would receive a constraint violation error.
C. When you delete a row from the emp table, automatically the corresponding rows are deleted from the
dept table.
D. When you delete a row from the dept table, automatically the corresponding rows are deleted from the
emp table.
E. When you delete a row from the dept table, automatically the corresponding rows are updated with null
values in the emp table.
F. When you delete a row from the emp table, automatically the corresponding rows are updated with null
values in the dept table.
Answer: D
122. Which three descriptions are correct about the effects of the TRUNCATE command on a table?
(Choose three.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 47
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. The corresponding indexes for the table are also truncated.
B. Delete triggers on the table are fired during the execution of the TRUNCATE command.
C. Very little or no undo data is generated during the execution of the TRUNCATE command.
D. The child table is truncated when the TRUNCATE command is applied on the parent table.
E. The highwater
mark (HWM) is set to point to the first useable data block in the table segment.
Answer: ACE
123. The ST_INFO master table has millions of rows that are updated very rarely. It has a STATE_CODE
column that contains the value for 25 states. The table is frequently queried on the STATE_CODE
column.
Which type of index would you suggest to improve the query performance?
A. Btree
B. bitmap
C. reverse key
D. function based
Answer: B
124. Which two statements are true about a bitmap index? (Choose two.)
A. It is recommended for the columns that have unique values.
B. It can be converted to a Btree
index by using the ALTER INDEX command.
C. It has a bitmap segment for each distinct value in the key column, containing a string of bits in which
each bit represents the presence or absence of a key column value.
D. Updating the key column locks the whole bitmap segment that contains the bit for the key value to be
updated.
Answer: CD
125. The SCOTT user has an index on the ITEM_DESC column of the ITEM table. As part of the
yearending
task, SCOTT updates the ITEM_DESC column for most of the rows in the ITEM table. How
does this change to the table affect the index?
A. An update in a leaf row takes place.
B. The index becomes invalid after the update.
C. The leaf block containing the row to be updated is marked as invalid.
D. A row in the leaf block of the index for the key value is deleted and inserted.
Answer: D
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 48
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
126. As a result of performance analysis, you created an index on the prod_name column of the
prod_det table, which contains about ten thousand rows. Later, you updated a product name in the table.
How does this change affect the index?
A. A leaf will be marked as invalid.
B. An update in a leaf row takes place.
C. The index will be updated automatically at commit.
D. A leaf row in the index will be deleted and inserted.
E. The index becomes invalid when you make any updates.
Answer: D
127. Which two statements are true about simple views? (Choose two.)
A. Views can be created as read only.
B. Views are data segments like tables.
C. Views can be created on the basis of more than one table.
D. Data manipulation language (DML) operations cannot be performed on views.
Answer: AC
128. The HR user creates a view with this command:
SQL> CREATE VIEW emp_v AS SELECT * FROM scott.emp?
Now HR wants to grant the SELECT privilege on the EMP_V view to the JIM user. Which statement is true
in this scenario?
A. HR can grant the privilege to JIM but without GRANT OPTION.
B. HR can grant the privilege to JIM because HR is the owner of the view.
C. SCOTT has to grant the SELECT privilege on the EMP table to JIM before this operation.
D. HR needs the SELECT privilege on the EMP table with GRANT OPTION from SCOTT for this
operation.
Answer: D
129. View the Exhibit and analyze the CREATE TABLE statements used to create the ITEMS and
ORDERS tables.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 49
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
The ITEMS table has 50 rows and ORDERS table has 500 rows. Because you decide to not deal with the
item code 188 in future, you execute the following command to remove the item:
SQL> DELETE FROM items WHERE item_code=188?
What is the effect of this command?
A. The command fails with integrity violation error.
B. The row containing the value 188 corresponding to the ITEM_CODE column is deleted from the ITEMS
table, and the foreign key constraint is disabled in the ORDERS table.
C. The row containing the value 188 corresponding to the ITEM_CODE column is deleted from the ITEMS
table, and the dependent rows in the ORDERS table are also deleted automatically.
D. The row containing the value 188 corresponding to the ITEM_CODE column is deleted from the ITEMS
table, and the dependent rows in the ORDERS table are populated with NULL values in their
ITEM_CODE columns.
Answer: C
130. The employee IDs of employees who have made sales in the company are transferred from the
EMPLOYEES table to the BONUS table with a default bonus value. Later, the human resources
department decides to give bonuses to employees as per the following conditions:
1. Employees with a salary of $8,000 or less should receive a bonus.
2. Employees who have not made sales get a bonus of 1% of their salary.
3. Employees who already made sales get an increase in their bonus equal to 1% of their salary.
What would you do to implement these changes in one step?
A. Use SQL*Loader utility.
B. Use the MERGE statement.
C. Use a multitable insert operation.
D. Use a correlated UPDATE statement.
Answer: B
131. View the Exhibit to see the structure of the EMPLOYEES and DEPARTMENTS tables.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 50
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Your organization plans to dissolve the department with department ID 30. You execute the following
command to delete rows from the DEPARTMENTS table:
SQL>delete from DEPARTMENTS
where DEPT_ID = 30?
The command fails and displays the following error:
ERROR at line 1:
ORA02292:
integrity constraint (HR.SYS_C005374) violated child
record found
Which two actions would you take to overcome this error? (Choose two.)
A. alter the foreign key constraint to include the cascade option
B. alter the foreign key constraint to include the on delete cascade option
C. first, drop the EMPLOYEES table and then delete the rows from the DEPARTMENTS table
D. first, drop the DEPARTMENTS table and then delete the rows from the EMPLOYEES table
E. first, delete all of the rows from EMPLOYEES table and then delete the rows from the DEPARTMENTS
table for department id 30
F. first, delete rows from the EMPLOYEES table for department id 30 and then delete the rows from the
DEPARTMENTS table for department id 30
Answer: BF
132. The application development team has developed PL/SQL procedures and functions for different
purposes and calls them as and when required. The loading of individual procedures or functions into
memory degrades performance with every call. Also, it causes a security problem for individual
subprograms and loss of program units when the whole system is transported into a new location.
Which method would you recommend to the application developers to solve this problem?
A. avoiding the use of cursors in the subprograms
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 51
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B. using anonymous PL/SQL blocks instead of subprograms
C. referring to views instead of tables inside the subprograms
D. creating PL/SQL packages to include interrelated subprograms
Answer: D
133. Which two statements are true regarding a PL/SQL package body? (Choose two.)
A. It cannot be created without a package specification.
B. It cannot invoke subprograms defined in other packages.
C. It can contain only the subprograms defined in the package specification.
D. It can be changed and recompiled without making the package specification invalid.
Answer: AD
134. You suspect unauthorized data manipulation language (DML) operations on a particular table. You
want to track users who are performing the transactions and the values used in the transactions. Also, you
plan to transfer these values to another table for analysis.
How would you achieve this?
A. by using triggers
B. by using external tables
C. by using anonymous PL/SQL blocks
D. by auditing all DML operations on the table
Answer: A
135. In the PROD database you have granted the RESUMABLE system privilege to the CONNECT role.
Resumable space operation has been enabled for all user sessions. You want users NOT to be aware of
any kind of spacerelated
problems while performing transactions. Instead, you want the problem to be
resolved by a database trigger automatically.
Which combination of triggering time and event would you use to achieve this objective?
A. AFTER CREATE
B. AFTER SUSPEND
C. BEFORE CREATE
D. AFTER TRUNCATE
E. BEFORE SUSPEND
F. AFTER INSERT OR DELETE OR UPDATE
G. BEFORE INSERT OR DELETE OR UPDATE
Answer: B
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 52
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
136. Which two are valid locking levels that are used by transactions in an Oracle database? (Choose
two.)
A. row level
B. block level
C. object level
D. schema level
E. database level
Answer: AC
137. User SCOTT executes the following command on the EMP table but has not issued COMMIT,
ROLLBACK, or any data definition language (DDL) command:
SQL> SELECT job FROM emp
2 WHERE job='CLERK' FOR UPDATE OF empno?
SCOTT has opened another session to work with the database. Which three operations would wait when
issued in SCOTT's second session? (Choose three.)
A. LOCK TABLE emp IN SHARE MODE?
B. LOCK TABLE emp IN EXCLUSIVE MODE?
C. DELETE FROM emp WHERE job='MANAGER'?
D. INSERT INTO emp(empno,ename) VALUES (1289,'Dick')?
E. SELECT job FROM emp WHERE job='CLERK' FOR UPDATE OF empno?
Answer: ABE
138. User Scott has updated the salary of one of the employees in the EMPLOYEES table and has not
committed the transaction. What are the two types of locks that this scenario would lead to? (Choose
two.)
A. null lock on the row being updated
B. null lock on the table containing the row
C. ROW SHARE lock for the row being updated
D. ROW EXCLUSIVE lock for the row being updated
E. shared rowexclusive
lock for the row being updated
F. a shareable table lock for the table containing the row
G. exclusive tablelevel
lock for the table containing the row
Answer: DF
139. The session of user SCOTT receives the following error after executing an UPDATE command on
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 53
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
the EMP table:
ERROR at line 1:
ORA00060:
deadlock detected while waiting for resource
On investigation, you find that a session opened by user JIM has a transaction that caused the deadlock.
Which two statements are true regarding the session of SCOTT in this scenario? (Choose two.)
A. It is terminated after receiving the error and JIM can continue with his transaction.
B. The transaction in it is terminated after receiving the error and JIM can continue with his transaction.
C. SCOTT should perform a COMMIT or ROLLBACK to allow JIM to continue with his transaction.
D. SCOTT has to reexecute the last command in the transaction after he commits the transaction.
Answer: CD
140. User A executes the following command to update the TRANS table:
SQL> UPDATE B. trans SET tr_amt=tr_amt+500 WHERE c_code='C005'?
Before user A issues a COMMIT or ROLLBACK command, user B executes the following command on
the TRANS table:
SQl> ALTER TABLE trans MODIFY (tr_type VARCHAR2(3))?
What would happen in this scenario?
A. The transaction for user A is rolled back.
B. The ALTER TABLE command modifies the column successfully.
C. The ALTER TABLE command fails due to the resource being busy.
D. The ALTER TABLE command waits until user A ends the transaction.
Answer: C
141. You require the Oracle server to manage the undo segments and space among various active
sessions automatically. You created an undo tablespace, UNDO_TBS1, in your database.
Which two additional steps would you perform to achieve this? (Choose two.)
A. Set the UNDO_RETENTION parameter to 900 or more.
B. Create an initial undo segment in the undo tablespace.
C. Enable the retention guarantee for the undo tablespace.
D. Set the UNDO_TABLESPACE parameter to UNDO_TBS1.
E. Set the UNDO_MANAGEMENT initialization parameter to AUTO.
Answer: DE
142. A user receives the following error while executing a query:
ORA01555:
snapshot too old
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 54
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Which two options can be the solutions to avoid such errors in future? (Choose two.)
A. increase the size of redo log files
B. increase the size of the undo tablespace
C. increase the size of the Database Buffer Cache
D. increase the size of the default temporary tablespace
E. enable the retention guarantee for the undo tablespace
Answer: BE
143. Your database is running under automatic undo management and the UNDO_RETENTION
parameter is set to 900 sec. You executed the following command to enable retention guarantee:
SQL> ALTER TABLESPACE undotbs1 RETENTION GUARANTEE?
What effect would this statement have on the database?
A. The extents in undo tablespace retain data until the next full database backup.
B. The extents containing committed data in the undo tablespace are never overwritten.
C. The extents which no longer contain uncommitted data in the undo tablespace are not overwritten for at
least15 minutes.
D. The extents containing committed data in the undo tablespace are not overwritten until the instance is
shut down.
Answer: C
144. The UNDO_RETENTION parameter in your database is set to 1000 and undo retention is not
guaranteed. Which statement regarding retention of undo data is correct?
A. Undo data becomes obsolete after 1,000 seconds.
B. Undo data gets refreshed after every 1,000 seconds.
C. Undo data will be stored permanently after 1,000 seconds.
D. Committed undo data would be retained for 1,000 seconds if free undo space is available.
E. Undo data will be retained in the UNDO tablespace for 1,000 seconds, then it gets moved to the
TEMPORARY tablespace to provide read consistency.
Answer: D
145. Which two operations require undo data? (Choose two.)
A. committing a transaction
B. rolling back a transaction
C. recovering from failed transactions
D. recording a transaction to redo log files
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 55
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
E. rolling forward during instance recovery
Answer: BC
146. The user SCOTT executes the following command successfully to increase the salary values in one
of his sessions:
SQL> UPDATE emp SET sal=sal*1.15 WHERE deptno=20?
Before SCOTT ends the transaction, user HR who has the privileges on EMP table executes a query to
fetch the salary details but finds the old salary values instead of the increased values.
Why does HR still see the old data?
A. because of redo data from redo log file
B. because of data from database buffer cache
C. because of data from a temporary tablespace
D. because of undo data from the undo tablespace
Answer: D
147. View the Exhibit.
Which statement causes more undo generation?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 56
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. SELECT * FROM emp?
B. DELETE FROM emp WHERE empno=7934?
C. UPDATE emp SET comm=400 WHERE empno=7844?
D. INSERT INTO emp VALUES(7999,'JHON','CLERK',7782,'10MAY83',
1500,NULL,10)?
Answer: B
148. Which three pieces of information are considered while deciding the size of the undo tablespace in
your database? (Choose three.)
A. the size of an undo block
B. the size of the redo log files
C. undo blocks generated per second
D. the size of the database buffer cache
E. the value of the UNDO_RETENTION parameter
Answer: ACE
Testinside
Testinside.com was founded in 2006. The safer,easier way to help you pass any IT
Certification exams . We provide high quality IT Certification exams practice
questions and answers(Q&A). Especially Adobe, Apple, Citrix, Comptia, EMC,
HP, HuaWei, LPI, Nortel, Oracle, SUN, Vmware and so on. And help you pass
any IT Certification exams at the first try.
You can reach us at any of the email addresses listed below.
English Customer: Sales@TestInside.Com
TaiWan&HK Customer: Salestw@TestInside.Com
Chinese Customer: Salescn@TestInside.com
English Version http://www.testinside.com
Chinese (Traditional) http:// www.testinside.net
Chinese (Simplified) http:// www.testinside.cn











Testinside
Exam : Oracle 1Z0043
Title : oracle database 10g:
administration ii Certification
Version : V2.22
TestInside,help you pass any IT exam!
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 2
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Important Note, Please Read Carefully
Other TestInside products
Offline Testing Engine
Use the offline Testing engine product to practice the questions in an exam environment.
Build a foundation of knowledge which will be useful also after passing the exam.
Download the Testing Engine Version of 1Z0043
More TestInside Oracle 10g DBA Products
Latest Version
We are constantly reviewing our products. New material is added and old material is revised. Free
updates are available for 90 days after the purchase. You should check your member zone at TestInside
and update 34
days before the scheduled exam date.
Here is the procedure to get the latest version:
1.Go to http://www.TestInside.com
2. Log in the User Center
3.The latest versions of all purchased products are downloadable from here. Just click the links.
Feedback
If you spot a possible improvement then please let us know. We always interested in improving product
quality.
Feedback should be send to sales@TestInside.com. You should include the following: Exam number,
version, page number, question number, and your login Account.
Our experts will answer your mail promptly.
Explanations
This product does not include explanations at the moment. If you are interested in providing explanations
for this exam, please contact sales@TestInside.com.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 3
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
1. You need to check the EMP_EAST partition in the EMPLOYEES table for physical corruptions. You
also need to verify that the rows belong to the correct partition. Which option could you use?
A.LogMiner
B.the DBNEWID utility
C.the DBVERIFY utility
D.the ANALYZE command
E.the RMAN REPORT command
F.the RMAN CROSSCHECK command
G.the RMAN BLOCKRECOVER command
Answer: D
2. You execute the following command to enable a session in resumable mode:
SQL> ALTER SESSION ENABLE RESUMABLE TIMEOUT 60?
What is the impact of a timeout on the statements being suspended?
A.The statements remain suspended for at least 60 seconds.
B.The statements are suspended for 60 seconds and then they are executed.
C.The suspended statements error out if the problem is not rectified within 60 seconds.
D.The statements are automatically suspended 60 seconds after an error is received, and then attempt to
execute normally again.
Answer: C
3. Immediately after adding a new disk to or removing an existing disk from an Automatic Storage
Management (ASM) instance, you find that the performance of the database decreases initially, until the
addition or removal process is completed. Performance then gradually returns to normal levels.
Which two activities could you perform to maintain a consistent performance of the database while adding
or removing disks? (Choose two.)
A.increase the number of checkpoint processes
B.define the POWER option while adding or removing the disks
C.increase the number of DBWR processes by setting up a higher value for DB_WRITER_PROCESSES
D.increase the number of slave database writer processes by setting up a higher value for
DBWR_IO_SLAVES
E.increase the number of ASM Rebalance processes by setting up a higher value for
ASM_POWER_LIMIT during the disk addition or removal process
Answer: BE
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 4
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
4. You enabled Automatic Shared Memory Management. The initialization parameters are set as shown
below:
SGA_TARGET = 10GB
SGA_MAX_SIZE = 14GB
STREAMS_POOL_SIZE = 1GB
SHARED_POOL_SIZE = 3GB
Which two statements are correct in this scenario? (Choose two.)
A.A maximum of 3 GB can be allocated to shared pool.
B.The value for SGA_TARGET can be increased up to a maximum of 14 GB.
C.A total of 14 GB memory will be allocated to the automatically tuned memory components.
D.Increasing the value for SGA_TARGET will automatically increase the memory allocated for
STREAMS_POOL_SIZE.
E.Increasing the value for SGA_TARGET to 12 GB will automatically increase the memory allocated to
autotuned parameters.
F.Reducing the value for SGA_TARGET to 9 GB will automatically decrease the memory allocated to
shared pool from 3 GB to 2 GB.
Answer: BE
5. Manually, you set the consumer group of all of the newly created users to MYDB_GRP. You want the
users to be able to change their consumer groups as per the application requirement.
What was the first step that was needed in the process to achieve this objective?
A.The user must have been granted the DBA role.
B.The user must have been granted the switch privilege as a part of a role.
C.The user must have been granted the Resource Manager administrator privilege.
D.The user must have been granted the switch privilege by using the
DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER_PRIVS package.
Answer: D
6. You have set the value of the NLS_TIMESTAMP_TZ_FORMAT parameter in the parameter file to
YYYYMMDD.
The default format of which two data types would be affected by this setting? (Choose
two.)
A.DATE
B.TIMESTAMP
C.INTERVAL YEAR TO MONTH
D.INTERVAL DAY TO SECOND
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 5
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
E.TIMESTAMP WITH LOCAL TIME ZONE
Answer: BE
7. You executed the following command in Recovery Manager (RMAN) to perform a backup of the
DETTBS tablespace:
RMAN> BACKUP TABLESPACE DETTBS?
Under which conditions would this command execute successfully? (Choose all that apply.)
A.The database is in NOMOUNT state.
B.The database is in ARCHIVELOG mode and the tablespace is online.
C.The database is in ARCHIVELOG mode and the tablespace is offline.
D.The database is in NOARCHIVELOG mode and the tablespace is online.
E.The database is in NOARCHIVELOG mode and the tablespace is offline.
Answer: BCE
8. You lost a temporary file that belongs to the default temporary tablespace in your database. From the
options provided, which approach would you take to solve the problem?
A.flash back the database
B.import the temporary tablespace from the last export
C.restore all the data files and temporary files from the last full database backup and perform a recovery
D.not perform a recovery, but create a new temporary tablespace, make it the default temporary
tablespace and then drop the old tablespace
Answer: D
9. You executed the following command in Recovery Manager (RMAN):
RMAN> RESTORE CONTROLFILE?
Which operation must you perform before this command is executed?
A.back up the control file to trace
B.bring database to the MOUNT state
C.open a connection to the RMAN recovery catalog, which contains the RMAN metadata for the target
database
D.set the database ID (DBID), but only if the DB_NAME parameter associated with the target database is
unique in the recovery catalog
Answer: C
10. You are using Oracle Database 10g. You performed an incomplete recovery of your database and
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 6
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
opened the database with the RESETLOGS option.
What is the effect of opening the database with the RESETLOGS option? (Choose two.)
A.This operation resets the SCN for the database.
B.This operation creates a new incarnation of the database.
C.This operation moves all the redo log files to a different location.
D.This operation deletes the old redo log files and creates new redo log files.
E.This operation updates all current datafiles and online redo logs and all subsequent archived redo logs
with a new RESETLOGS SCN and time stamp.
Answer: BE
11. View the Exhibit.
You have more than one table in the recycle bin having the same original name, DEPT2. You do not have
any table with the name DEPT2 in your schema. You executed the following command:
PURGE TABLE dept2?
Which statement is correct in this scenario?
A.All the tables having the same original name as DEPT2 will be purged from the recycle bin.
B.The table with dropscn = 1928151 (oldest dropscn) will be purged from the recycle bin.
C.The table with dropscn = 1937123 (most recent dropscn) will be purged from the recycle bin.
D.None of the tables will be purged because there are multiple entries with the same original name in the
recycle bin.
Answer: B
12. On Monday, you dropped the DEPT table from your schema and then you recreated
the DEPT table
in your schema. On Wednesday, you have a requirement to restore the DEPT table from the recycle bin.
Which statement is correct?
A.You can restore the DEPT table by using the Oracle Flashback Drop feature, provided you use the
RENAME TO clause.
B.You can restore the DEPT table by using the Oracle Flashback Drop feature and a systemgenerated
name will be assigned to the restored table.
C.You cannot restore the DEPT table by using the Oracle Flashback Drop feature because a table with
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 7
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
the name DEPT already exists in your schema.
D.You cannot restore the DEPT table by using the Oracle Flashback Drop feature because the contents of
the recycle bin are purged every 12 hours by default.
Answer: A
13. Which two statements are correct regarding the Oracle Flashback Drop feature? (Choose two.)
A.Recycle bin exists for the tables only in nonSYSTEM,
locally managed tablespaces.
B.You can flash back a dropped table provided row movement has been enabled on the table.
C.If you drop an index before dropping its associated table, then the recovery of the index is not
supported when you flash back the dropped table.
D.When you execute the DROP TABLESPACE INCLUDING CONTENTS command, the objects in the
tablespace are placed in the recycle bin.
E.When a dropped table is moved to the recycle bin, only the table is renamed to a systemgenerated
name? its associated objects and constraints are not renamed.
F.If you drop a table that is protected by the recycle bin, then associated bitmapjoined
indexes and
materialized view logs are also stored in the recycle bin.
Answer: AC
14. View the Exhibit and examine the Flashback SCNs.
A user has inserted wrong department data in the DEPT3 table in the USERS tablespace. You use the
Flashback Table functionality to rectify the erroneous inserts. While performing the recovery, you chose
2004343 as the Flashback SCN.
Which two statements are correct in this scenario? (Choose two.)
A.Only the row with DEPARTMENT_ID 290 would be flashed back.
B.The rows with DEPARTMENT_ID 290 and 300 would be flashed back.
C.The rows with DEPARTMENT_ID 290 and 280 would be flashed back.
D.You would have taken the USERS tablespace offline before starting the Flashback Table operation.
E.You would have enabled row movement for the DEPT3 table before starting the Flashback Table
operation.
Answer: BE
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 8
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
15. You are working in an online transaction processing (OLTP) environment. You used the FLASHBACK
TABLE command to flash back the CUSTOMERS table. Before executing the FLASHBACK TABLE
command, the System Change Number (SCN) was 663571. After flashing back the CUSTOMERS table,
you realize that the table is not in the correct state and the resultant changes are not what you had desired.
So, you need to reverse the effects of the FLASHBACK TABLE command while ensuring that:
a) No other user data in the database is affected.
b) The operation takes the minimum possible time.
Which option would you choose?
A.use the ROLLBACK command with SCN 663571
B.perform Flashback Transaction Query with SCN 663571
C.execute the FLASHBACK DATABASE statement to retrieve the CUSTOMERS table as it was at SCN
663571
D.execute another FLASHBACK TABLE statement to retrieve the CUSTOMERS table as it was at SCN
663571
Answer: D
16. You executed the following FLASHBACK TABLE command:
FLASHBACK TABLE emp TO TIMESTAMP ('11:45','hh12:mi')?
Which two statements are correct? (Choose two.)
A.The FLASHBACK TABLE statement will not be written to the alert log file.
B.The changes made to the EMP table since the specified time will be undone.
C.The EMP table that was dropped by mistake from the database will be restored.
D.The FLASHBACK TABLE statement will be executed within a single transaction.
E.The FLASHBACK TABLE statement will not maintain the existing indexes on the EMP table.
F.The list of transactions that have modified the EMP table since the specified time will be displayed.
Answer: BD
17. Why would you use the following FLASHBACK TABLE command?
FLASHBACK TABLE emp TO TIMESTAMP ('11:45','hh12:mi')?
A.to undo the changes made to the EMP table since the specified time
B.to restore the EMP table that was wrongly dropped from the database
C.to view the transactions that have modified the EMP table since the specified time
D.to view the changes made to the EMP table for one or more rows since the specified time
E.to recover the EMP table to a point in time in the past by restoring the most recent backup
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 9
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Answer: A
18. For which two SQL statements can you use the Flashback Table feature to revert a table to its
previous state? (Choose two.)
A.UPDATE TABLE
B.CREATE CLUSTER
C.TRUNCATE TABLE
D.ALTER TABLE MOVE
E.INSERT INTO...VALUES
F.ALTER TABLE...DROP COLUMN
G.ALTER TABLE...DROP PARTITION
Answer: AE
19. You are working in an online transaction processing (OLTP) environment. You realize that the salary
for an employee, John, has been accidentally modified in the EMPLOYEES table. Two days ago, the data
was in the correct state. Flashback logs generated during last two days are available in the flash recovery
area.
Which option would you choose to bring the data to the correct state while ensuring that no other data in
the same table is affected?
A.perform pointintime
recovery
B.perform a Flashback Table operation to restore the table to the state it was in two days ago
C.perform a Flashback Database operation to restore the database to the state it was in two days ago
D.perform Flashback Versions Query and Flashback Transaction Query to determine all the necessary
undo SQL statements, and then use them for recovery
Answer: D
20. View the Exhibits.
You performed operations on the DEPT4 table as shown in the Exhibit. When you perform the Flashback
Versions Query, you find that the first two updates are not listed.
What could be the reason?
A.The row movement is not enabled on the table.
B.The first two updates were not explicitly committed.
C.The Flashback Versions Query lists only the most recent update.
D.The Flashback Versions Query stops producing rows after it encounters a time in the past when the
table structure was changed.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 10
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Answer: D
21. Which two statements are correct regarding the Flashback Versions Query feature? (Choose two.)
A.You can use this feature to identify the versions of V$ views.
B.You can use this feature to identify the versions of external and fixed tables.
C.You can use this feature for a table only if row movement is enabled for the table.
D.You can use this feature to identify the committed versions of the rows, but not the uncommitted
versions.
E.You can use this feature to identify the inserts, deletes, and updates performed on a particular row but
not the data definition language (DDL) operations performed on the table.
Answer: DE
22. By mistake, you ran the batch job (for updating the BILL_DETAILS table) twice. You are not sure
which rows in the BILL_DETAILS table were affected. You need to identify:
a) a list of changes made along with the transaction identifier of each change
b) the necessary SQL statements to undo the erroneous changes
Which option would you choose?
A.RMAN only
B.Flashback Table only
C.Flashback Versions Query only
D.Flashback Database and Flashback Transaction Query
E.Flashback Versions Query and Flashback Transaction Query
Answer: E
23. You executed the following query:
SELECT operation, undo_sql, table_name
FROM flashback_transaction_query?
Which statement is correct regarding the query output?
A.It would return information regarding only the last committed transaction.
B.It would return only the active transactions in all the undo segments in the database.
C.It would return only the committed transactions in all the undo segments in the database.
D.It would return both active and committed transactions in all the undo segments in the database.
E.It would return information regarding the transactions that began and were committed in the last 30
minutes.
Answer: D
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 11
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
24. By using the transaction identifier provided by _____ for a particular row change, you can use the
Flashback Transaction Query to see the operation performed by the transaction.
A.Flashback Table
B.Flashback Database
C.Flashback Versions Query
D.the RMAN REPORT command
E.the DBA_PENDING_TRANSACTIONS view
Answer: C
25. There was media failure and you need to check the data files for any block corruption. Which option
would you use to create a report on any corruptions found within the database?
A.the DBNEWID utility
B.the DBVERIFY utility
C.the ANALYZE command
D.the RMAN REPORT command
E.the RMAN CROSSCHECK command
F.the CHECK_OBJECT procedure of the DBMS_REPAIR package
Answer: B
26. The EMPLOYEES table is stored in the USERS tablespace. You need to check if the EMPLOYEES
table is affected by the block corruption found in the USERS tablespace. Which option would you use?
A.the DBNEWID utility
B.the ANALYZE command
C.the RMAN LIST command
D.the RMAN REPORT command
E.the RMAN CROSSCHECK command
F.the RMAN BLOCKRECOVER command
Answer: B
27. The DB_BLOCK_CHECKING initialization parameter is set to FALSE. What level of block checking
would be performed?
A.The Oracle database will not perform block checking for any of the data blocks.
B.The Oracle database will perform block checking for the default permanent tablespace only.
C.The Oracle database will perform block checking for the data blocks in all user tablespaces.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 12
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
D.The Oracle database will perform block checking for the data blocks in the SYSTEM tablespace only.
E.The Oracle database will perform block checking for the data blocks in the SYSTEM and SYSAUX
tablespaces.
Answer: D
28. The DB_BLOCK_CHECKING initialization parameter is set to TRUE. What would be the result of this
setting on the data blocks being written to the datafiles, every time the DBWn writes?
A.The Oracle database will check all data blocks by going through the data on each block, making sure
the data is selfconsistent.
B.DBWn and the direct loader will calculate a checksum and store it in the cache header of every data
block when writing it to disk.
C.The Oracle database will check data blocks belonging to the SYSTEM tablespace only, by going
through the data on each block, making sure the data is selfconsistent.
D.The Oracle database will check data blocks belonging to the SYSAUX tablespace only, by going
through the data on each block, making sure the data is selfconsistent.
E.The Oracle database will check data blocks in the SYSTEM and SYSAUX tablespaces only, by going
through the data on each block, making sure the data is selfconsistent.
Answer: A
29. Your database is open and running in ARCHIVELOG mode. You take RMAN full backups every
Sunday night. On Monday morning, while querying the user1.employees table, you receive the following
error message:
01578: ORACLE data block corrupted (file # 5, block # 51) ORA01110:
data file 5:
'/u01/app/oracle/oradata/orcl/example01.dbf'
You need to rectify the corruption while ensuring the following:
The data file should remain online.
The mean time to recover (MTTR) should be minimal.
You are not using a backup control file, and all the archived logs are accessible. Which option would you
choose?
A.flash back the corrupted blocks
B.use the DBMS_REPAIR package
C.use the RMAN TSPITR command
D.use the RMAN BLOCKRECOVER command
E.use the RESTORE DATABASE and RECOVER DATABASE commands
F.investigate the time at which the corruption occurred and perform a pointintime
recovery
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 13
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Answer: D
30. You are performing a block media recovery on the tools01.dbf data file in the SALES database by
using RMAN. Which two statements are correct in this scenario? (Choose two.)
A.You must ensure that the SALES database is mounted or open.
B.You must restore a backup control file to perform a block media recovery.
C.You must take the tools01.dbf data file offline before you start a block media recovery.
D.You must put the database in NOARCHIVELOG mode to perform a block media recovery.
E.You can perform only a complete media recovery of individual blocks? pointintime
recovery of
individual data blocks is not supported.
Answer: AE
31. You execute the following RMAN commands in the order shown below:
BACKUP VALIDATE DATABASE?
BLOCKRECOVER CORRUPTION LIST?
What will these commands do?
A.create a backup of the database and recover all corrupted blocks found in the backup
B.run a backup validation and list all the logically corrupt blocks as well as physically corrupt blocks in the
database
C.run a backup validation to populate V$COPY_CORRUPTION view, and then list any corrupt blocks
recorded in the view
D.run a backup validation to populate V$DATABASE_BLOCK_CORRUPTION view, and then repair any
corrupt blocks recorded in the view
E.run a backup validation, repair any corrupt blocks found during the validation process, and then update
V$DATABASE_BLOCK_CORRUPTION view to indicate which corrupt blocks have been repaired
Answer: D
32. What are the two advantages of RMAN Block Media Recovery (BMR) over filelevel
recovery?
(Choose two.)
A.BMR lowers the mean time to recover (MTTR).
B.BMR supports pointintime
recovery of individual data blocks.
C.BMR enables you to use incremental backups for block recovery.
D.BMR enables recovery even when the database is not mounted or open.
E.BMR enables you to use proxy backups to perform block media recovery.
F.BMR enables increased availability of data during recovery because the data file that requires a
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 14
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
recovery can remain online.
Answer: AF
33. You observe that database performance has degraded over a period of time. While investigating the
reason, you find that the size of the database buffer cache is not large enough to cache all the needed
data blocks.
Which advisory component would you refer to, in order to determine the required size of the database
buffer cache?
A.Memory Advisor
B.Segment Advisor
C.SQL Tuning Advisor
D.SQL Access Advisor
E.Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM)
Answer: A
34. View the Exhibit and examine the characteristics of the USERS tablespace.
You observe that a large volume of inserts and deletes are happening on the TRANS table in the USERS
tablespace and you suspect that the TRANS table is fragmented.
Which advisory component would you refer to, in order to find information about table fragmentation?
A.Memory Advisor
B.Segment Advisor
C.SQL Tuning Advisor
D.SQL Access Advisor
E.Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM)
Answer: B
35. You find that the execution time of reports in your datawarehouse application is significantly high. You
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 15
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
suspect the lack of indexes to be the reason for the degradation in performance.
Which advisory component would you refer to, in order to determine the appropriate indexes?
A.Memory Advisor
B.Segment Advisor
C.SQL Access Advisor
D.Automatic Workload Repository (AWR)
E.Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM)
Answer: C
36. You want to use the SQL Tuning Advisor to generate recommendations for badly written SQL
statements in your development environment. Which three sources can you select for the advisor to
analyze? (Choose three.)
A.Top SQL
B.snapshots
C.SQL Tuning sets
D.index access path
E.optimizer statistics
F.materialized view logs
Answer: ABC
37. View the Exhibit.
In your production database, the total waits and the time waited for log file parallel write are significantly
high. While investigating the reason, you find that there are three redo log groups with two members in
each group, and all redo log members are placed on a single physical disk.
What action would you take to minimize the waits?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 16
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A.start the log writer slave processes
B.increase the number of redo log files
C.increase the size of the redo log buffer
D.place the redo log files on different disks
E.increase the number of log writer processes
Answer: D
38. In your production database, you have observed that the database server performance degrades
whenever there is a switch between the log groups. On further investigation, you find that the database is
running in ARCHIVELOG mode and the archived log files are being written to the same disk that is used
to store the redo log members.
Which two actions would you take to improve the performance of the database server? (Choose two.)
A.increase the size of the redo log buffer
B.increase the number of redo log groups
C.increase the number of log writer processes
D.increase the number of ARCn processes
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 17
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
E.change the appropriate LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter to place the archived log files in a
separate location
Answer: BE
39. Your production database is running in the ARCHIVELOG mode and the ARCn process is functional.
You have two online redo log groups. Which three background processes would be involved when a log
switch happens? (Choose three.)
A.archival
B.log writer
C.database writer
D.system monitor
E.process monitor
F.change tracking writer
Answer: ABC
40. In the parameter file of your production database, the FAST_START_MTTR_TARGET parameter is
set to 300 to optimize instance recovery. While observing the performance of the database during
instance recovery, you find that the redo log files are not sized properly to support this activity.
Which two sources could you use to determine the optimal size of the redo log files? (Choose two.)
A.the V$LOG view
B.the V$DBFILE view
C.the V$LOGFILE view
D.the V$INSTANCE_RECOVERY view
E.Oracle Enterprise Manager Database Control
Answer: DE
41. In which two conditions are resumable statements suspended? (Choose two.)
A.when a user session is terminated
B.when a user exceeds the space quota
C.when a user manually suspends the statement
D.when the maximum extents of a segment is reached
E.when a table that is being accessed by the current transaction is not found
Answer: BD
42. Which type of PL/SQL construct would you use to automatically correct the error resulting from a
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 18
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
statement that was suspended due to a spacerelated
problem?
A.function
B.package
C.procedure
D.database trigger
E.anonymous PL/SQL block
Answer: D
43. The warning and critical threshold values have been set to 85% and 97%, respectively, for one of the
tablespaces. The current tablespace space usage is 54%. You modify the warning threshold to be 50%
and critical threshold to be 53% in Database Control.
Which statement is true?
A.The new setting would be applied but no alerts would be raised immediately.
B.The new setting would be applied and an alert would be raised immediately.
C.The new setting would be ignored because the tablespace space usage is more than the specified
threshold value.
D.The new setting would cause an error because the tablespace space usage is more than the specified
threshold value.
Answer: A
44. In an Oracle 10g database, the inmemory
statistics are gathered at regular intervals and used to
perform growthtrend
analysis and capacity planning of the database. Which component stores these
statistics?
A.recovery catalog
B.Oracle Enterprise Manager Repository
C.Automatic Workload Repository (AWR)
D.Oracle 10g Enterprise Manager Grid Control
E.Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM)
Answer: C
45. You have specified the warning and critical threshold values of an application tablespace to be 60%
and 70%, respectively. From the tablespace space usage metrics, you find that the actual space usage
has reached the specified warning threshold value, but no alerts have been generated.
What could be the reason for this?
A.The EVENT parameter was not set.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 19
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B.The SQL_TRACE parameter is set to FALSE.
C.The Enterprise Manager Grid Control is not used.
D.The STATISTICS_LEVEL parameter is set to BASIC.
E.The TIMED_STATISTICS parameter is set to FALSE.
Answer: D
46. View the Exhibit and examine the properties of the TT tablespace.
Using Database Control, you have scheduled a job to shrink the TRANS table residing on the TT
tablespace. The job would run at 5:00 p.m. every Friday.
When you examine the space usage of the table after the completion of the job, you find that the table has
not been shrunk.
What could have been the reason for this?
A.The tablespace that contains the TRANS table is online.
B.The tablespace that contains the TRANS table is permanent.
C.The tablespace that contains the TRANS table is locally managed.
D.The segment space management of the tablespace that contains the TRANS table is manual in nature.
Answer: D
47. View the Exhibit and examine the properties of the USERS tablespace.
You execute the following statement to shrink the TRANS table existing on the USERS tablespace:
SQL> ALTER TABLE trans SHRINK SPACE CASCADE?
Which objects would be affected by this command? (Choose all that apply.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 20
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A.the TRANS table
B.the B*Tree indexes on the TRANS table
C.the materialized views log of the TRANS table
D.the materialized views based on the TRANS table
E.the large object (LOB) segments of the TRANS table
Answer: AB
48. In one of your online transaction processing (OLTP) applications, users are manipulating and querying
a database table simultaneously. From the Segment Advisor, you find that one of the tables is highly
fragmented and you want to shrink the table immediately without affecting the currently active queries.
Which option would you use with the ALTER TABLE command to achieve this objective?
A.REBUILD
B.CASCADE
C.TRUNCATE
D.ROW MOVEMENT
E.SHRINK SPACE COMPACT
F.SHRINK SPACE CASCADE
Answer: E
49. While designing the database for one of your online transaction processing (OLTP) applications, you
want to achieve the following:
a) high availability of data
b) faster primary key access to the table data
c) compact storage for the table
Which type of tables would you use to achieve these objectives?
A.heap tables
B.object tables
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 21
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
C.partitioned tables
D.indexorganized
tables (IOTs)
Answer: D
50. While designing your database, you have created the EMPLOYEES table as an indexorganized
table
(IOT). You want to create a bitmap index on the JOB_ID column to make queries faster.
Which task must have been completed so that you are able to create the bitmap index?
A.A primary key must have been created.
B.A mapping table must have been created.
C.An overflow tablespace must have been specified.
D.The PCTTHRESHOLD option must have been specified.
Answer: B
51. In your datawarehousing application, you generate reports frequently. The data is static in the tables
being used to generate reports. You are currently using joins, resulting in a large performance overhead.
What kind of database structure would you use to reduce the response time of the query?
A.hash clusters
B.index clusters
C.partitioned tables
D.indexorganized
table (IOT)
Answer: B
52. You are designing an application for a telecom company and you have been asked to design a
database table to facilitate monthly bill generation. The bill would include details of customer calls, listed in
chronological order.
Which method would you follow to achieve this objective without increasing the overhead of sorting the
rows?
A.create a hash cluster to store the data
B.create an index cluster to store the data
C.create a partitioned table to store the data
D.create a sorted hash cluster to store the data
E.create a heap table with rowid to store the data
Answer: D
53. In your test database, you have created the ORDERS table as an indexorganized
table (IOT). To
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 22
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
facilitate faster querying, you have created a mapping table and a bitmap index on the ORDER_FILLED
column. You observe that the query performance degrades when users perform a large volume of
transactions.
While investigating the reason, you find that the mapping table segment is fragmented, leading to poor
performance. Which option would you use to defragment the mapping table without affecting the original
table data?
A.export and import the mapping table
B.drop and recreate
the mapping table
C.truncate the mapping table and reinsert the values
D.use the ALTER TABLE .. REBUILD command to defragment the mapping table
Answer: B
54. In one of your online transaction processing (OLTP) applications, most users frequently modify the
values, including the key values, of the application tables. Some users generate application reports by
using multiple application tables.
What is the best table structure that you can use to gain optimal performance?
A.heap table
B.object table
C.external table
D.clustered table
E.global temporary table
F.indexorganized
table (IOT)
Answer: A
55. Users in your production database complain that they are getting the following error message while
trying to insert rows into the ORDERS table:
ERROR at line 1:
ORA01654:
unable to extend index USERS.ORDERS_IND by 8 in tablespace INDEXES
While investigating, you find that the INDEXES tablespace has run out of space and there is no more free
space on the disk where the data files are available.
Which two actions could you perform to overcome this error without affecting the queries that are currently
being executed? (Choose two.)
A.drop and recreate
the index
B.coalesce the ORDERS_IND index
C.coalesce the INDEXES tablespace
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 23
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
D.drop and recreate
the ORDERS table
E.rebuild the index online and move it to another tablespace
Answer: BE
56. You have many users complaining about slow inserts into a large table. While investigating the reason,
you find that the number of indexes on the table is high. You want to find out which indexes are not being
used.
Which method would you follow to achieve this?
A.enable index monitoring and query the DBA_OBJECTS view
B.enable index monitoring and query the DBA_INDEXES view
C.enable index monitoring and query the V$OBJECT_USAGE view
D.enable index monitoring and view the DBA_INDEXTYPE_COMMENTS view
Answer: C
57. In which scenarios would you rebuild an index? (Choose all that apply.)
A.when you need to disable the index usage
B.when you need to change storage options
C.when you need to enable index monitoring
D.when you need to move the index to another tablespace
Answer: BD
58. You want an ASM instance to manage the files of your database. To achieve this objective, you specify
the following parameters in the parameter file of the database:
INSTANCE_TYPE = RDBMS
DB_NAME = PROD
LARGE_POOL_SIZE = 8MB
DB_BLOCK_SIZE = 4K
LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST = +dgroupA
LOG_ARCHIVE_FORMAT = "$ORACLE_SID_%s_%t.%t"
DB_CREATE_FILE_DEST = +dgroupA
COMPATIBLE = 10.1.0.2.0
CONTROL_FILES = +dgroupA
Which parameter would be ignored while starting up the instance for the database PROD?
A.DB_BLOCK_SIZE
B.CONTROL_FILES
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 24
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
C.LARGE_POOL_SIZE
D.LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST
E.LOG_ARCHIVE_FORMAT
F.DB_CREATE_FILE_DEST
Answer: E
59. You have been assigned to manage a set of databases. The previous DBA did not leave you notes
regarding the structure of each of the databases. While analyzing an instance, you notice that the system
identifier (SID) for the instance is set to '+ASM'.
What is the purpose of this instance?
A.This instance is being used to manage the operating system files.
B.This instance is being used to manage the files of other databases.
C.This instance is being used to manage the instances of other databases.
D.This instance is being used to manage the background processes of other instances.
Answer: B
60. You are using an Automatic Storage Management (ASM) instance to manage the files of your
production database. While studying the parameter file of the ASM instance, you find the following entry:
ASM_DISKSTRING = /devices/*
What could be the reason for this setting?
A.to enable the ASM instance to identify the alert log file
B.to enable the ASM instance to identify the server parameter file
C.to enable the ASM instance to define the locations for Oracle Managed Files (OMF)
D.to enable the ASM instance to identify all disks that can be accessed by it in the /devices directory
Answer: D
61. Consider the following scenario:
You have a directory, data, under the disk group tdgroupA. You want to create an alias for one of the data
files and you execute the following command:
ALTER DISKGROUP tdgroupA
ADD ALIAS '+tdgroupA/data/datafile.dbf'
FOR '+tdgroupA.231.45678'?
Which task would be accomplished by the command?
A.The command drops the file +tdgroupA.231.45678.
B.The command physically relocates the file to +tdgroupA/data and renames the file to datafile.dbf.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 25
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
C.The command creates a copy of the +tdgroupA.231.45678 file and places it in +tdgroupA/data after
renaming the file to datafile.dbf.
D.The command creates an alias, datafile.dbf, and places it in +tdgroupA/data and does not remove the
+tdgroupA.231.45678 file.
E.The command creates a file, datafile.dbf, in +tdgroupA/data and removes the references for
+tdgroupA.231.45678 from the data dictionary views.
Answer: D
62. You are using an Automatic Storage Management (ASM) instance to manage the files of your
production database. You have two disk groups, DG1 and DG2, with one device each.
In the parameter file of the production database, the following parameters have been specified:
DB_CREATE_ONLINE_LOG_DEST_1 = '+dg1'
DB_CREATE_ONLINE_LOG_DEST_2 = '+dg2'
What would be the impact of this setting?
A.When a new log group is added, it would have one member in each disk group.
B.When a new log group is added, it would have two members in each disk group.
C.When a new tablespace is added, it would have one data file in each disk group.
D.When a new log file is added, it would have one member spread across the disk groups.
Answer: A
63. Consider the following command to create a tablespace in your production database (which is using
an Automatic Storage Management [ASM] instance to manage the database files):
CREATE TABLESPACE user_tbsp
DATAFILE '+dgroup3(user_temp)/user_files/user_tbsp' SIZE 200M?
What would be the result of this command?
A.It would result in an error because the template cannot be used along with the disk group.
B.It would result in an error because the path cannot be specified while creating a tablespace in a disk
group.
C.It would create a tablespace with a data file that has an alias, and its attributes are set by the
userdefined
template.
D.It would create a tablespace with a data file that does not have an alias, and its attributes are set by the
userdefined
template.
Answer: C
64. Consider the following configuration:
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 26
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
/devices/D1 is a member of disk group dgroupA.
/devices/D2 is a member of disk group dgroupA.
/devices/D3 is a member of disk group dgroupA.
You plan to add a new disk, /devices/D4, to the disk group dgroupA.
You execute the following command:
SQL> ALTER DISKGROUP dgroupA ADD DISK '/devices/D*'?
Which task would be accomplished by the command?
A.The command adds the new disk, D4, to the disk group.
B.The command would result in an error because there is no disk by the name "/devices/D*".
C.The command will be ignored because disks starting with "D" are already members of the disk group.
D.The command would result in an error because no wildcard characters can be used in the disk name.
E.The command first detaches all the member disks starting with "D," and then reattaches them including
the new disk.
Answer: A
65. Consider the following command to add a new disk group called "tdgroupA" with two failover groups:
CREATE DISKGROUP tdgroupA NORMAL REDUNDANCY
FAILOVERGROUP control01 DISK
'/devices/A1',
'/devices/A2',
'/devices/A3'
FAILOVERGROUP control02 DISK
'/devices/B1',
'/devices/B2',
'/devices/B3'?
The disk "/devices/A1" is currently a member disk of a disk group by name "tdgroup1".
Which task would be accomplished by the command?
A.This command would result in an error because a disk group can have only one failover group.
B.This command would result in an error because the /devices/A1 disk is a member of another disk group
tdgroup1.
C.A new disk group called tdgroupA will be added with two failover groups and the /devices/A1 disk will
get reattached to the new disk group without being detached from the existing one.
D.A new disk group called tdgroupA will be added with two failover groups and the /devices/A1 disk will be
ignored for the new disk group because it is a member of an existing disk group tdgroup1.
E.A new disk group called tdgroupA will be added with two failover groups and the /devices/A1 disk gets
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 27
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
detached from the existing disk group tdgroup1 and attached to the new disk group tdgroupA.
Answer: B
66. In your Automatic Storage Management (ASM) instance, one of the nonempty disk groups,
DGROUP1, is no longer required and you want this disk group to be removed. You execute the following
command to achieve this objective:
DROP DISKGROUP dgroup1 EXCLUDING CONTENTS?
What would be the result of this command?
A.This command would result in an error because the disk group is not empty.
B.The command would drop the disk group, ignoring the EXCLUDING CONTENTS option.
C.The command would result in the disk group being marked as INVALID because it cannot be dropped.
D.The command would result in the contents being moved to the parent disk group and dropping of the
disk group.
E.The command would distribute the contents of the specified disk group among all other disk groups and
then drop the specified disk group.
Answer: A
67. You are using an Automatic Storage Management (ASM) instance to manage the database files of
your production database. After adding a new disk group to the ASM instance, you execute the following
command:
ALTER DISKGROUP dg3 REBALANCE POWER 0?
What would be the result of this command?
A.The rebalancing of the disk group would be stopped.
B.The rebalancing of the disk group would be completed as fast as possible.
C.The command would result in an error because the value of POWER cannot be 0.
D.The rebalancing of the disk group would be completed without affecting the disk group DG3.
E.The command would result in an error because the disk groups cannot be manually rebalanced.
Answer: A
68. You have a disk group, DGROUP1, with three disks and NORMAL redundancy. You execute the
following command to create a template for the disk group:
ALTER DISKGROUP dgroup1
ADD TEMPLATE my_temp
ATTRIBUTES (MIRROR FINE)?
Which statement is true?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 28
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A.When a file is created in DGROUP1 with the template, it would have threeway
mirroring.
B.When a file is created in DGROUP1, the MY_TEMP template becomes the default template.
C.When a file is created in DGROUP1 with the template, it would have twoway
mirroring and file striping.
D.When a file is created in DGROUP1 with the template, it would have threeway
mirroring and file
striping.
E.When a file is created in DGROUP1 with the template, it would have twoway
mirroring but no file
striping.
Answer: C
69. Your production database uses an Automatic Storage Management (ASM) instance to manage its files.
You want to add a new disk group to the ASM instance to manage the increased data load.
What action would you perform to include the new disk group in the ASM instance without causing any
impact on the currently connected users?
A.mount the new disk group in the ASM instance
B.restart the ASM instance and the production database instance
C.register the new disk groups in the production database instance
D.restart the ASM instance without restarting the production database instance
E.include the new disk group in the ASM_DISKSTRING parameter in the parameter file and restart the
ASM instance
Answer: A
70. You want to migrate your existing nonASM
files to ASM files for the database PROD. Which method
or command would you use to accomplish this task? (Choose all that apply.)
A.the CONVERT command of RMAN
B.Data Pump Export and Import into the same database
C.conventional export and import into the same database
D.the BACKUP DATABASE and RESTORE DATABASE commands of RMAN
E.the BACKUP AS COPY DATABASE and SWITCH DATABASE TO COPY command of RMAN
Answer: AE
71. You have an Automatic Storage Management (ASM) instance managing the database files of your
production database. The database contains ASM files and nonASM
files. Using Recovery Manager
(RMAN), you migrate the complete production database to use the ASM instance.
Which statement is true?
A.RMAN would relocate all the database files to an ASM disk group.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 29
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B.RMAN would change the file definitions in the control file to use the ASM but would not relocate the
database files physically.
C.RMAN would relocate all the data files to an ASM disk group and other files to an operating system
location, defined using Oracle Managed Files (OMF).
D.RMAN would relocate the ASM files to an ASM disk group and the nonASM
files to an operating
system location, defined using OMF.
Answer: A
72. In your production database you want to use an Automatic Storage Management (ASM) instance to
manage the database files.
Which option would you use to migrate the database files from a nonASM
instance to an ASM instance?
A.Oracle Migration Assistant
B.Recovery Manager (RMAN)
C.Oracle Data Pump Export and Import
D.conventional Oracle Export and Import
E.operating system utilities to copy the files to the ASM instance
Answer: B
73. You have configured Automatic Shared Memory Management. Which four memory structures would
be automatically tuned? (Choose four.)
A.log buffer
B.Java pool
C.large pool
D.fixed SGA
E.shared pool
F.streams pool
G.keep buffer cache
H.database buffer cache
Answer: BCEH
74. In your running instance, some of the initialization parameters are set as shown below:
SGA_MAX_SIZE = 14GB
DB_CACHE_SIZE = 1GB
SHARED_POOL_SIZE = 3GB
STATISTICS_LEVEL = BASIC
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 30
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
PGA_AGGREGATE_TARGET = 0
You plan to enable Automatic Shared Memory Management but you are not able to set SGA_TARGET to
a nonzero value. What could be the reason?
A.The STATISTICS_LEVEL initialization parameter is set to BASIC.
B.The PGA_AGGREGATE_TARGET initialization parameter is set to zero.
C.The SGA_MAX_SIZE initialization parameter is set to less than 20 GB.
D.The DB_CACHE_SIZE initialization parameter is set to less than 5 GB.
E.The SHARED_POOL_SIZE initialization parameter is set to a nonzero value.
Answer: A
75. The database has the data block size set to 8 KB. You need to import a tablespace with a 4 KB block
size into the database. Which additional memory parameter(s) should be configured to perform a
transportable tablespace import?
A.DB_CACHE_SIZE only
B.DB_8K_CACHE_SIZE only
C.DB_4K_CACHE_SIZE only
D.SGA_TARGET and DB_4K_CACHE_SIZE
E.DB_BLOCK_SIZE and DB_8K_CACHE_SIZE
F.DB_BLOCK_SIZE and DB_4K_CACHE_SIZE
Answer: C
76. You configured the large pool for Oracle backup and restore operations. As a result, which component
would require less memory?
A.log buffer
B.shared pool
C.streams pool
D.keep buffer cache
E.recycle buffer cache
Answer: B
77. You have set some of the initialization parameters as:
DB_BLOCK_SIZE = 8KB
SGA_MAX_SIZE = 2GB
SGA_TARGET = 0
SHARED_POOL_SIZE = 120MB
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 31
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
DB_CACHE_SIZE = 896MB
STREAM_POOL_SIZE = 0
LARGE_POOL_SIZE = 110MB
Which two statements are correct? (Choose two.)
A.You cannot set a value for the DB_8K_CACHE_SIZE parameter.
B.The memory used by Streams will be allocated from the shared pool.
C.If you increase the size of large pool to 120 MB, then the memory allocated to shared pool will be
reduced to 110 MB.
D.If an application attempts to allocate more than 120 MB from the shared pool, and free space is
available in the buffer pool, then the free space from the buffer pool is allocated to the shared pool.
Answer: AB
78. You have set some of the initialization parameters as:
DB_BLOCK_SIZE = 8KB
SGA_MAX_SIZE = 2GB
SGA_TARGET = 0
SHARED_POOL_SIZE = 120MB
DB_CACHE_SIZE = 896MB
STREAM_POOL_SIZE = 0
LARGE_POOL_SIZE = 110MB
Which two statements are correct? (Choose two.)
A.You cannot set a value for the DB_8K_CACHE_SIZE parameter.
B.If you increase the size of the large pool to 120 MB, then the memory allocated to the shared pool will
be reduced to 110 MB.
C.If the value for SGA_TARGET is changed to 1 GB and SHARED_POOL_SIZE is set to 120 MB, then
memory cannot be taken from the shared pool, even if the shared pool has free space available.
D.If an application attempts to allocate more than 120 MB from the shared pool, and free space is
available in the buffer pool, then the free space from the buffer pool is allocated to the shared pool.
Answer: AC
79. You noticed that large memory allocations for the Oracle backup and restore operations are causing a
performance overhead on the shared pool. Which memory structure would you configure to avoid this
performance overhead?
A.large pool
B.streams pool
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 32
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
C.redo log buffer
D.keep buffer cache
E.recycle buffer cache
Answer: A
80. Your database is using shared server configuration. Which optional memory structure would you
configure to store the User Global Area (UGA) information and improve the shared pool performance?
A.large pool
B.streams pool
C.keep buffer cache
D.recycle buffer cache
Answer: A
81. You are working in a dedicated server environment. Your database is running in the automatic
Program Global Area (PGA) memory management mode. Which two statements are correct in this
scenario? (Choose two.)
A.The WORK_AREASIZE_POLICY initialization parameter cannot be set to AUTO.
B.The Oracle database automatically controls the amount of PGA memory allotted to SQL work areas.
C.Setting the value of the SGA_TARGET initialization parameter to 0 will disable the automatic PGA
memory management.
D.The SORT_AREA_SIZE parameter is ignored by all the sessions running in the automatic PGA
memory management mode.
Answer: BD
82. Your database is running in the automatic Program Global Area (PGA) memory management and
Shared Memory Management mode. You want to increase the memory available for the SQL work areas.
What would you do?
A.modify the HASH_AREA_SIZE initialization parameter
B.modify the PGA_AGGREGATE_TARGET initialization parameter
C.modify the WORK_AREASIZE_POLICY initialization parameter
D.increase the value of the SGA_TARGET initialization parameter
E.increase the value of the SGA_MAX_SIZE initialization parameter
F.increase the value of the SORT_AREA_SIZE initialization parameter
Answer: B
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 33
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
83. SORT_AREA SIZE and HASH_AREA_SIZE parameters are ignored in some of the user sessions.
What could be the reason?
A.The User Global Area (UGA) is not configured.
B.The sessions were started using the login name SYS.
C.The sessions are running in the Automatic Shared Memory Management mode.
D.The sessions are running in the automatic Program Global Area (PGA) memory management mode.
Answer: D
84. From the V$SESSION_LONGOPS view, you find that some of the database users have longrunning
queries and are consuming a lot of CPU time. This causes problems for you when you try to log on as the
system user and perform small maintenance tasks. You would like to ensure that users SYS and
SYSTEM get priority over all other users. Which method would you use to achieve this objective?
A.create a plan directive in the SYS_GROUP
B.create the pending area for the consumer group
C.activate the provided SYSTEM_PLAN in Resource Manager
D.set the TIMED_STATISTICS parameter to TRUE in the parameter file
E.set the execution time limit for all users, except SYS and SYSTEM, in their profiles
Answer: C
85. From the V$SESSION_LONGOPS view, you find that some of the database users have longrunning
queries that consume a lot of CPU time. This causes performance problems for other users in the
database, who have much shorter queries.
You would like to make sure that the users with large queries do not use all the CPU time, but you still do
not want to terminate them with an error message.
Which method would you follow to achieve this?
A.set the CPU time per call in the users profile
B.set the CPU time per session in the users profiles
C.set the CPU levels for the users' group using Resource Manager
D.set the TIMED_STATISTICS parameter to TRUE in the parameter file
Answer: C
86. In your production database, you observe that users' transactions are consuming a lot of resources
and you plan to impose resource restrictions by using Resource Manager.
For which three resources can you enable usage restrictions by using Resource Manager? (Choose
three.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 34
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A.CPU usage
B.degree of parallelism
C.number of open cursors
D.number of sorts performed
E.idle time for blocking sessions
F.number of disk I/O operations performed
G.number of memory I/O operations performed
Answer: ABE
87. View the Exhibit and examine the Resource Manager settings for the groups at different levels.
Which two effects would be the result of this setting? (Choose two.)
A.The members of LOW_GROUP would get more priority than those of OTHER_GROUPS.
B.The members of SYS_GROUP would get most of the CPU allocation at level 1.
C.The members of LOW_GROUP would get most of the CPU allocation because it has CPU allocation at
two different levels.
D.The members of LOW_GROUP would get no CPU allocation at level 1 if the members of
OTHER_GROUPS are using all the CPU at level 2.
E.The members of SYS_GROUP would get no CPU allocation at level 1 if the members of
OTHER_GROUPS are using all the CPU at level 2.
Answer: AB
88. You have created a resource plan, DB_PLAN, using
DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER.CREATE_SIMPLE_PLAN and you want to impose a restriction on
utilization of resources by the database users. Which step must be performed before you can start using
the resource plan?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 35
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A.assign users to consumer groups
B.set the resource plan for the instance
C.configure a simple resource plan and specify plan directives
D.configure a complex resource plan and specify plan directives
Answer: B
89. Which statement is true regarding the creation of nested plans using Resource Manager?
A.Only one nested subplan is allowed.
B.The plans can be nested up to four levels.
C.Resource Manager does not support nested plans.
D.Nested plans control only the degree of parallelism but not the CPU.
E.Each nested plan gets a proportion of the CPU resources assigned to its parent group.
Answer: E
90. You are using Resource Manager to manage system resources. While creating a new database user,
you observe that the user is a member of DEFAULT_CONSUMER_GROUP by default. What would be
the implications of this?
A.The Resource Manager plan does not affect the user.
B.There must be a plan directive in any of the plans of the group to control the resources.
C.The members of the group DEFAULT_CONSUMER_GROUP always have resource restrictions.
D.The members of DEFAULT_CONSUMER_GROUP are restrained from accessing the system tables.
E.The members of this group can change their group without the database administrator's intervention.
Answer: B
91. You execute the following command to create two consumer groups, FIN_GROUP1 and
PAY_GROUP1, for a plan, PROD_PLAN:
BEGIN
DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER.CREATE_SIMPLE_PLAN (SIMPLE_PLAN => 'prod_plan',
CONSUMER_GROUP1 => 'fin_group1',
GROUP1_CPU => 80,
CONSUMER_GROUP2 => 'pay_group1',
GROUP2_CPU => 20)?
END?
Which three statements are true? (Choose three.)
A.SYS_GROUP gets 100% CPU resources at level 1.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 36
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B.FIN_GROUP1 gets 80% CPU resources at level 1.
C.FIN_GROUP1 gets 80% CPU resources at level 2.
D.PAY_GROUP1 gets 20% CPU resources at level 1.
E.PAY_GROUP1 gets 20% CPU resources at level 2.
F.OTHER_GROUP gets 100% CPU resources at level 1.
G.OTHER_GROUP gets 100% CPU resources at level 2.
Answer: ACE
92. You want to create a consumer group, GROUP1, and you execute the following command in the
commandline
interface:
SQL> EXEC DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER.CREATE_CONSUMER_GROUP
(CONSUMER_GROUP =>'group1', COMMENT => 'New Group')?
This command errors out displaying the following message:
ERROR at line 1:
ORA29371:
pending area is not active
ORA06512:
at "SYS.DBMS_RMIN", line 115
ORA06512:
at "SYS.DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER", line 108
ORA06512:
at line 1
What action would you take to overcome this error?
A.create the Pending Area before creating the consumer group
B.activate the Pending Area before creating the consumer group
C.increase the size of the large pool to accommodate the Pending Area
D.increase the size of the shared pool to accommodate the Pending Area
E.increase the size of the database buffer cache to accommodate the Pending Area
Answer: A
93. You want to create a consumer group, GROUP1, and you execute the following command in the
commandline
interface:
SQL> EXEC DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER.CREATE_CONSUMER_GROUP
(CONSUMER_GROUP =>'group1', COMMENT => 'New Group')?
This command errors out displaying the following message:
ERROR at line 1:
ORA01031:
insufficient privileges
ORA06512:
at "SYS.DBMS_RMIN", line 115
ORA06512:
at SYS.DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER", line 108
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 37
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
ORA06512:
at line 1
What action would you take to overcome this error?
A.grant SYSDBA to the user
B.grant SYSOPER to the user
C.grant the RESOURCE role to the user
D.use the GRANT command to grant the ADMINISTER_RESOURCE_MANAGER privilege to the user
E.grant the ADMINISTER_RESOURCE_MANAGER privilege to the user by using the
DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER_PRIVS package
Answer: E
94. Which statement is true while creating subplans using Resource Manager?
A.The subplan must belong to the consumer group, SYS_GROUP.
B.The total CPU usage at any given level must be less than 100%.
C.The subplans can be used to restrict the degree of parallelism for a user.
D.You can use a resource plan instead of a consumer group to implement a priority ranking within the
plan.
Answer: D
95. You have created a resource plan, PROD_DB_PLAN, that uses the RATIO policy. The following
consumer groups and their respective plan directives have been assigned to this resource plan:
Consumer group HIGH_CG with CPU_P1 as 10.
Consumer group MEDIUM_CG with CPU_P1 as 5.
Consumer group LOW_CG with CPU_P1 as 2.
Consumer group OTHER_GROUPS with CPU_P1 as 1.
Which statement is correct in this scenario?
A.The plan PROD_DB_PLAN can have subplans.
B.The members of the HIGH_CG consumer group would get 10% of the CPU.
C.The CPU allocation for the consumer groups would be based on the ratio defined for the CPU_P1.
D.The CPU allocation would be equal between the HIGH_CG and MEDIUM_CG consumer groups if
there are no sessions existing for the LOW_CG and OTHER_GROUPS consumer groups.
Answer: C
96. You have created a resource plan, PROD_DB_PLAN, with the following consumer groups with the
respective plan directives:
Consumer group SALES with CPU_P1 as 60 and DEGREE_OF_PARALLELISM as 4.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 38
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Consumer group MARKET with CPU_P1 as 20.
Consumer group DEV with CPU_P1 as 20.
Consumer group OTHERS with CPU_P1 as 0 and CPU_P2 as 100.
Which two statements are correct in this scenario? (Choose two.)
A.The maximum degree of parallelism for the members of the consumer groups is 4.
B.The CPU allocation will always be equal for the consumer groups MARKET and DEV.
C.The OTHERS consumer group would get 100% of the CPU if there are unused level 1 CPU resources.
D.The SALES and MARKET consumer groups would get 100% of the CPU if there are unused level 2
CPU resources.
E.The maximum degree of parallelism for the members of the consumer group SALES is 4 with no
restriction for the remaining groups.
Answer: CE
97. In your production database, you have multiple resource plan directives that refer to the consumer
group DB_GRP. Which two statements are correct? (Choose two.)
A.The parallel degree limit for DB_GRP will be the minimum of all the incoming values.
B.The parallel degree limit for DB_GRP will be the maximum of all the incoming values.
C.The maximum estimated execution time for DB_GRP would be the most nonrestrictive of all incoming
values.
D.If a session switched from the DB_GRP consumer group to another consumer group because it
exceeded the prescribed switch time, then that session would not execute if the active session pool for
the new consumer group was full.
E.If a session switched from the DB_GRP consumer group to another consumer group because it
exceeded the prescribed switch time, then that session would execute even if the active session pool for
the new consumer group was full.
Answer: AE
98. Identify four uses of the Oracle Scheduler. (Choose four.)
A.enables you to execute jobs in a clustered environment
B.enables you to schedule the execution of jobs based on time
C.enables you to automate the management of the jobs that are created using the DBMS_JOB package
D.enables Oracle database to do patches according to a DBAdefined
schedule
E.enables you to create a job that makes use of saved programs and schedules
F.enables you to periodically execute operating systemscript files located on the same server as the
database
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 39
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
G.enables Oracle database to schedule which processes execute on which processors in a multiple CPU
environment
Answer: ABEF
99. Very soon you will be performing maintenance operations. You would have several jobs to run as soon
as the maintenance period starts. Which method would you use to create jobs without specifying the time
period when the job should be run?
A.use Oracle Scheduler
B.use DBMS_JOB package
C.use DBMS_IJOB package
D.use Oracle Data Pump Export and Import
Answer: A
100. Your business has departmental reports that are generated every day. Each department must use
the same set of queries, but accesses a different subset of data in the tables, depending on which
department generates the report. The format of the reports is being developed? currently, the format
changes daily.
How would you configure the database to ensure that each department generates its report (based on its
target data) using the most recent report format every day?
A.by having each user run the report generation procedure at the scheduled time, supplying the
necessary input variables
B.by creating a program using DBMS_JOB that accepts one or more variables, and creating a job that
calls this program using DBMS_JOB
C.by having each user schedule a job using DBMS_JOB that accepts one or more input variables and
calls a procedure that generates the report
D.by having each user create a job using DBMS_SCHEDULER that includes all the information and
commands necessary to generate the report
E.by creating a program using DBMS_SCHEDULER that accepts one or more variables, and creating a
job that calls this program using DBMS_SCHEDULER
Answer: E
101. In your production database there is a job, CALC_STAT, which has been scheduled to run every
Friday at 5:00 p.m. CALC_STAT updates the optimizer statistics for the objects owned by the APPS
schema. You want the task to be generic, thereby allowing users to modify the attributes of the task at run
time without affecting the original task.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 40
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Which component of Oracle Scheduler must you define to achieve this?
A.Window
B.Program
C.Job class
D.Window group
Answer: B
102. While creating a job class using the DBMS_SCHEDULER package, you set the logging level to
LOGGING_RUNS. What would be the impact of this setting?
A.Oracle Scheduler would write detailed information to the job log for each run of each job in the job class.
B.Oracle Scheduler would write detailed information to the job log for the first run of each job in the job
class.
C.Oracle Scheduler would write detailed information to the job log for each run of only the first job in the
job class.
D.Oracle Scheduler would write detailed information for all operations performed on all jobs in the job
class.
Answer: A
103. You need to create a schedule that will run a job on the second Friday of each month. What should
the repeat interval of the schedule be set to?
A.FREQ = MONTHLY? BYDAY = 2FRI?
B.FREQ = MONTHLY? BYDAY = FRI2?
C.FREQ = MONTHLY? BYDAY = 2FRI?
D.FREQ = MONTHLY? BYDAY = FRI(2)?
Answer: A
104. While creating a scheduler window using the DBMS_SCHEDULER package, a user logged in as
DBMGR gets the error message insufficient privileges.
Which two commands would you use to resolve this error? (Choose two.)
A.GRANT dba TO dbmgr?
B.GRANT connect TO dbmgr?
C.GRANT resource TO dbmgr?
D.GRANT hs_admin_role TO dbmgr?
E.GRANT manage scheduler TO dbmgr?
Answer: AE
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 41
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
105. You have created a job class, CUST_JOB_1, with two jobs, CUST_JOB_1_A and CUST_JOB_1_B.
Which two statements are true? (Choose two.)
A.Both the jobs would be executed concurrently.
B.Jobs in the job class must have been assigned the same priority.
C.The member jobs would get dropped when the job class is dropped.
D.The member jobs would get disabled when the job class is dropped.
E.The attributes defined at the class level would be applied to both the jobs.
Answer: DE
106. Using Oracle Scheduler you have scheduled two jobs, JOB_A and JOB_B, to run at 9:00 p.m. every
Friday. You want both the jobs to use a single resource plan, WEEKEND_PLAN.
Which task must have already been performed to enable you to achieve this objective?
A.A window must have been created with the WEEKEND_PLAN resource plan.
B.A program must have been created with the WEEKEND_PLAN resource plan.
C.A job class must have been created with the WEEKEND_PLAN resource plan.
D.A window group must have been created with the WEEKEND_PLAN resource plan.
Answer: A
107. The current time zone for one of the user sessions is set to the database local time zone. For one
application, the user session requires the time zone to be set to the local operating system time zone
without affecting other user sessions.
Which two solutions could the user implement to achieve this objective? (Choose two.)
A.use the ALTER SYSTEM command to change the time zone
B.use the ALTER SESSION command to change the time zone
C.use the ALTER DATABASE command to change the time zone
D.set the value for the operating system variable ORA_SDTZ on the client machine
E.set the value for the operating system variable ORA_SDTZ on the database server machine
Answer: BD
108. You want your listener to be password protected to prevent it from being shut down. You want to
accomplish this task while the listener is functional. Which method could you use to achieve this
objective?
A.use the CHANGE_PASSWORD command of the Listener control utility
B.use the SET PASSWORD and SAVE_CONFIG commands of the Listener control utility
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 42
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
C.use the CHANGE_PASSWORD and SAVE_CONFIG commands of the Listener control utility
D.manually modify the listener.ora file to include the password for the listener and restart the listener
Answer: C
109. You have two listener processes, named L1 and L2. Both the listener processes are currently
functional. While viewing the listener.ora file on your database server, you find the following entry:
PASSWORDS_L1 = (1sanfrjp43)
What would be the impact of this setting?
A.The listener process named L1 will disconnect the unauthorized users.
B.The listener process named L1 will be prevented from being started by unauthorized users.
C.The listener process named L1 will be prevented from being stopped by unauthorized users.
D.The listener process named L1 will be prevented from being reloaded by unauthorized users.
E.The listener process named L1 will be prevented from accepting connections from unauthorized users.
Answer: C
110. You were recently hired by an organization as a database administrator. You are asked to find out
whether the currently functional listener process, named L1, has been password protected or not. You are
not familiar with the file system of the new organization.
How would you accomplish the task?
A.by using the STATUS command of the Listener control utility
B.by using the STATUS L1 command of the Listener control utility
C.by using the SHOW RULES command of the Listener control utility
D.by using the SET PASSWORD command of the Listener control utility
E.by searching for the PASSWORD_LISTENER entry in the listener.ora file
Answer: B
111. An RMAN backup job fails, displaying the following error:
ORA19809:
limit exceeded for recovery files
Your analysis shows that the Flash Recovery area is full. Which two actions could you take to resolve the
error and avoid this error in future? (Choose two.)
A.take the backup of the flash recovery area less frequently
B.increase the value of the UNDO_RETENTION initialization parameter
C.change the value of the WORKAREA_SIZE_POLICY initialization parameter to AUTO
D.change the backup retention policy to retain the backups for a smaller period of time
E.increase the value of the DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST_SIZE initialization parameter
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 43
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
F.increase the value of the CONTROL_FILE_RECORD_KEEP_TIME initialization parameter
Answer: DE
112. An RMAN backup job fails, displaying the following error message:
ORA19809:
limit exceeded for recovery files
Your analysis shows that the Flash Recovery area is full. What would you do to resolve the error?
A.increase the value of UNDO_RETENTION
B.change the value of WORKAREA_SIZE_POLICY to AUTO
C.increase the value of DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST_SIZE
D.increase the value of CONTROL_FILE_RECORD_KEEP_TIME
Answer: C
113. The database is running in ARCHIVELOG mode and the FORMAT option is not configured in RMAN
for disk backups. You configured the flash recovery area location and size by using the
DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST and DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST_SIZE initialization parameters.
Which statement is correct in this scenario?
A.If no other destination is configured for recovery files, then RMAN places the control file autobackups in
the flash recovery area by default.
B.If any local destinations for LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n are set, then archived redo logs are stored in
these destinations as well as in the flash recovery area.
C.If the flash recovery area location is configured using the DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST initialization
parameter, then the RMAN backup of Oracle managed datafiles (OMF) only will go to the flash recovery
area by default.
D.If the FORMAT option to the RMAN BACKUP command is specified, then RMAN creates backup pieces
and image copies in the flash recovery area with names in the Oracle Managed Files (OMF) format.
Answer: A
114. You defined the Recovery Manager (RMAN) retention policy to recovery window of 7 days by
executing the following command:
RMAN> CONFIGURE RETENTION POLICY TO RECOVERY WINDOW OF 7 DAYS?
When a backup is performed, what would be the status of this backup after seven days?
A.The backup would be marked as invalid.
B.The backup would be marked as obsolete.
C.The backup would be removed from the media.
D.The backup would be removed from the RMAN repository.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 44
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Answer: B
115. You set the recovery window to seven days and the backup optimization to ON using the
CONFIGURE command of Recovery Manager (RMAN). The most recent backup of the TOOLS
tablespace to disk was taken on January 3. The TOOLS tablespace is readonly.
On February 21, when you execute a command to back up all the tablespaces to disk, you find that RMAN
backs up the TOOLS tablespace also, even though the contents of the tablespace have not changed after
the backup on January 3.
Because there are no changes made to the TOOLS tablespace, you decide that the tablespace should
not be backed up by RMAN. What can you to do skip backing up the TOOLS tablespace without changing
the current backup optimization setting?
A.configure a default device for RMAN backups
B.temporarily disable the retention policy for RMAN backups
C.configure automatic channel allocation for RMAN backups
D.use the CONFIGURE command to reconfigure the recovery window to 60 days
Answer: B
116. In Recovery Manager (RMAN), you have set control file autobackup to ON by using the following
command:
CONFIGURE CONTROLFILE AUTOBACKUP ON?
Which two events would cause the control file to be backed up automatically? (Choose two.)
A.a tablespace is taken offline
B.the database instance is restarted
C.a new data file is added to an existing tablespace
D.a successful backup is recorded in the RMAN repository
E.the RMAN connection is disconnected from the target database
Answer: CD
117. In Recovery Manager (RMAN), you set the retention policy to NONE by executing the following
command:
CONFIGURE RETENTION POLICY TO NONE?
What would be the impact of this setting?
A.The retention policy is cleared.
B.RMAN does not consider any backup as obsolete.
C.The retention policy is set to its default setting of redundancy 1.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 45
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
D.The retention policy is set to its default setting of recovery window 7.
Answer: B
118. In the parameter file of your production database, the CONTROL_FILE_RECORD_KEEP_TIME
parameter is set to 31. What would be the impact of this setting on the backup that is being performed by
using Recovery Manager (RMAN)?
A.The backup would be retained on the media for 31 days.
B.The backup would be maintained in the recovery catalog for 31 days.
C.The backup metadata would be retained in the control file for 31 days.
D.The backup metadata would be maintained in the recovery catalog for 31 days.
E.Automatic backups of the control file will be retained in the flash recovery area for 31 days.
Answer: C
119. You observe that the senior database administrator always uses the following command when
connecting to Recovery Manager (RMAN), and then starts executing commands to backup the database
files:
$ rman target /
What would be the effect of this command?
A.RMAN would use the current operating system location to place the backup.
B.RMAN would use the control file of the target database to maintain the backup.
C.RMAN would use the recovery catalog of the target database to maintain the backup.
D.RMAN would use the control file of the target database to maintain the backup metadata.
E.RMAN would use the recovery catalog of the target database to maintain the backup metadata.
Answer: D
120. You execute the following command to perform a backup by using Recovery Manager (RMAN):
RMAN> run
{allocate channel c1 type sbt?
backup datafile 1?
}
The command errors out. A part of the error message is as follows:
RMAN03009:
failure of allocate command on c1 channel
ORA19554:
error allocating device, device type: SBT_TAPE, device name:
What could explain why the statement failed?
A.sbt is not a valid device type.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 46
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B.Media Management Library was not loaded.
C.The sbt device cannot be used for data file backups.
D.No path was defined in the ALLOCATE CHANNEL command.
E.The channel is currently being used by another RMAN session.
Answer: B
121. View the Exhibit.
You executed the following command to perform a backup of the USERS tablespace:
RMAN> BACKUP TABLESPACE USERS?
Which type of backup would this command perform?
A.backup set
B.image copy
C.incremental backup
D.None? the user receives an error indicating that the backup type must be specified.
Answer: A
122. View the Exhibit.
You executed the following command to perform a backup of the USERS tablespace:
RMAN> BACKUP TABLESPACE USERS?
Which three types of files are backed up? (Choose three.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 47
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A.password file
B.online redo log files
C.the current control file
D.archived redo log files
E.the current server parameter file
F.all the data files belonging to the USERS tablespace
G.data files belonging to the USERS tablespace and all the default tablespaces
Answer: CEF
123. Your database is functioning in NOARCHIVELOG mode. Your database contains 15 tablespaces.
You want to use Recovery Manager (RMAN) to perform backups.
Which two backups would you be able to perform when the database is being accessed by users?
(Choose two.)
A.backup of offline tablespaces
B.backup of readonly
tablespaces
C.backup of systemcritical
tablespaces
D.backup of online, locally managed tablespaces
E.backup of read/write dictionarymanaged
tablespaces
Answer: AB
124. When performing a backup using Recovery Manager (RMAN), which four types of files can be
backed up with the RMAN BACKUP command? (Choose four.)
A.data file
B.password file
C.archivelog file
D.temporary file
E.online redo log file
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 48
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
F.the current control file
G.the tnsnames.ora file
H.current server parameter file
Answer: ACFH
125. Which two statements regarding compressed backups in Recovery Manager (RMAN) are true?
(Choose two.)
A.Backup compression is disabled by default.
B.Backup compression applies to only backup sets.
C.Backup compression applies to only image copies.
D.Backup compression cannot be enabled using the CONFIGURE command.
E.Backup compression can be used with both backup sets and image copies.
F.Backup compression works only if the COMPATIBILITY parameter is set to 9.0.0.0 or higher.
Answer: AB
126. Which statement correctly describes the change tracking writer (CTWR) background process?
A.It keeps track of changes in the background processes.
B.It records the system change number (SCN) in the control file.
C.It writes audit records for user changes to the change tracking file.
D.It records any changes to the listener configuration in the listener.ora file.
E.It records any changes to the database parameters in the change tracking file.
F.It records the physical location of all the changes that are made to the database in the change tracking
file.
Answer: F
127. What purpose would you achieve by enabling the block change tracking feature?
A.eliminate the necessity for backups
B.perform optimized image copy backups
C.perform optimized incremental backups
D.enable checkpoint (CKPT) to perform checkpointing at every block change
E.enable database writer (DBWn) to write changed blocks to data files faster
Answer: C
128. You are managing a database for which incremental backups can be very time consuming. In order
to perform optimized incremental backups you enable the block change tracking feature.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 49
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
How would you instruct RMAN to use the block change tracking feature when performing incremental
backups?
A.You need to mention it with every BACKUP command.
B.You need to configure it using the CONFIGURE command.
C.The block change tracking feature is used automatically by RMAN.
D.You need to set the necessary initialization parameters to direct RMAN to use the feature.
Answer: C
129. You are managing an Oracle Database 10g database that uses Oracle Managed Files (OMF). You
enabled the block change tracking feature for the database.
Which statement regarding the change tracking file is true?
A.One block change tracking file is created for each data file. By default, the file is created in
DB_CREATE_FILE_DEST.
B.One block change tracking file is created for each data file. By default, the file is created in
BACKGROUND_DUMP_DEST.
C.One block change tracking file is created for the database. By default, the file is created in
DB_CREATE_FILE_DEST.
D.One block change tracking file is created for the database. By default, the file is created in
BACKGROUND_DUMP_DEST.
Answer: C
130. You executed the following command in Recovery Manager (RMAN) against your Oracle 10g
database:
RMAN> REPORT NEED BACKUP days 3?
What would be the output of this command?
A.a list of files that require a backup within three days
B.a list of files that have not been backed up for three days
C.a list of files that RMAN recommends be backed up only once in every three days, based on low
volatility
D.a list of files for which a backup has already been performed and may need a backup after three days
Answer: B
131. Using the LIST command in Recovery Manager (RMAN), which two pieces of information from the
RMAN repository can be listed? (Choose two.)
A.backups that can be deleted
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 50
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B.stored scripts in the recovery catalog
C.backup sets and image copies that are obsolete
D.only the most recent backup sets or image copies
E.backups that do not have the AVAILABLE status in RMAN repository
Answer: BE
132. The backup retention policy is configured as RECOVERY WINDOW 2. You executed the following
command in Recovery Manager (RMAN) against your database:
RMAN> REPORT OBSOLETE?
What would you see in the output?
A.a list of all the expired backups and copies
B.a list of all those files that have been deleted in the last two days
C.a list of all those files that have been recovered within the last two days
D.a list of backups and copies that are outside the range covered by the current retention policy
Answer: D
133. The production database has been functional for the last seven days. Because of application
requirements, some of the initialization parameters were changed during run time without any comments.
You have been asked to find out the value of the parameters when the instance was started.
Which source would you use to locate this information?
A.fixed views
B.the alert log file
C.the parameter file
D.the server parameter file
E.dynamic performance views
Answer: B
134. In your test database, you find that a user's session is executing a lot of SQL statements, resulting in
the generation of a large number of trace files. While investigating the reason, you find that SQL trace has
been enabled at the instance level.
You want to disable SQL trace, remotely, only for that user session to reduce the volume of trace data
being generated.
How do you achieve this objective?
A.by setting the SQL_TRACE parameter to FALSE in the parameter file
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 51
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B.by using DBMS_MONITOR.SESSION_TRACE_DISABLE to disable the tracing for the user session
C.by setting the SQL_TRACE parameter to FALSE by using the ALTER SYSTEM command in the user
session
D.by setting the SQL_TRACE parameter to FALSE by using the ALTER SESSION command in the user
session
Answer: B
135. In the parameter file of the production database, the BACKGROUND_DUMP_DEST parameter is set
to $ORACLE_HOME/users. Which two types of files would you find in this location? (Choose two.)
A.the alert log file
B.the core dump files
C.the change tracking file
D.the user session trace files
E.the database audit trail files
F.the background process trace files
Answer: AF
136. Users are performing a large volume of inserts and deletes on the application tables in the APPS
tablespace. You observe that there are several warning alerts being generated for the APPS tablespace
space usage metrics. Currently, the warning threshold for the tablespace space usage metrics is set to
70%.
To make the generated alerts more useful as a problem identification tool, you want to reduce the
frequency of alert generation for the tablespace space usage metrics for the APPS tablespace. What
should you do?
A.disable SQL tracing for the APPS tablespace
B.disable logging attribute for the APPS tablespace
C.modify the tablespace to be a dictionarymanaged
tablespace
D.increase the critical threshold value for the tablespace space usage metrics for the APPS tablespace
E.increase the warning threshold value for the tablespace space usage metrics for the APPS tablespace
Answer: E
137. While setting up the thresholds for tablespace space usage metrics for one of your tablespaces, you
define the critical threshold as 60% and warning threshold as 75%. What would be the result of this
setting?
A.It would result in an error because the warning threshold cannot be more than the critical threshold.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 52
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B.The warning threshold is ignored and alerts would be generated when space usage exceeds the critical
threshold.
C.The critical threshold is ignored and alerts would be generated when space usage exceeds the warning
threshold.
D.Both threshold values are used and alerts are generated when space usage exceeds the respective
threshold values.
Answer: A
138. Last night, a media failure caused the loss of a temporary file that belongs to your database. Which
two things may happen this morning when you try to open your database? (Choose two.)
A.The database opens normally.
B.The database prompts for a database recovery.
C.The database writer writes to a trace file, indicating that the temporary file is not found.
D.The database gets mounted and throws an error indicating that the temporary file requires recovery.
Answer: AC
139. A user executes a query on the EMP table, which contains thousands of rows, to get details about
employees in one of the departments. The user receives the following error:
SQL> SELECT ename FROM emp WHERE deptno=10 ORDER BY sal?
SELECT ename FROM emp WHERE deptno=10 ORDER BY sal
*
ERROR at line 1:
ORA01157:
cannot identify/lock data file 201 see
DBWR trace file
ORA01110:
data file 201: '/u01/app/oracle/oradata/orcl/temp01.dbf'
What is a possible reason?
A.The tempfile belonging to the default temporary tablespace is missing.
B.The database is opened in restricted mode, so queries are not allowed.
C.The default temporary tablespace required to execute the query is offline.
D.The default temporary tablespace required to execute the query is dropped.
E.The default temporary tablespace required to execute the query is readonly.
Answer: A
140. You are working on a database, where you have three redo log groups. When the database is down
for a backup, an operating system (OS) user deletes all the redo log files in a group. What will happen
when you open your database?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 53
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A.The instance starts and the database opens because two redo log groups still exist.
B.Before the instance starts, you receive an error about the missing redo log files of a group.
C.The instance starts and the database opens with an error message written to the alert log file.
D.The instance starts and the database opens, but every attempt to write to redo log files fails with an
error.
E.The instance starts, the database is mounted, but efforts to open the database fail, and an error about
the missing redo log group is displayed.
Answer: E
141. Because of hardware failure, you decided to drop a redo log member from the database.
Which condition should be met to drop a redo log file?
A.The redo log file should belong to an active group.
B.The redo log file should belong to an inactive group.
C.The redo log file should belong to the current group.
D.The redo log file can be dropped only if all the transactions are stopped.
E.Before a redo log file is dropped, it should be deleted from the operating system (OS).
Answer: B
142. A media failure has occurred. This has resulted in all the members of the next log group being
rendered inaccessible to the log writer process (LGWR) at a log switch. How does this failure affect the
operational database?
A.The database recreates
the missing redo log files automatically.
B.The database continues to function normally with the existing files.
C.The database allows only queries? no other statements are allowed.
D.The database returns an error and the database instance shuts down.
E.The user sessions that generate redo logs are terminated automatically.
Answer: D
143. A redo log file is corrupted while the database is open? as a consequence, database operations are
stopped because archiving cannot continue.
What would you do to solve the problem?
A.clear the redo log group
B.perform redo log file import
C.perform an incomplete recovery
D.perform a redo log recovery using Recovery Manager (RMAN)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 54
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
E.shut down the database and open the database in the NOARCHIVELOG mode
Answer: A
144. In your database, online redo log files are multiplexed and one of the members in a group is lost due
to media failure.
How would you recover the lost redo log member?
A.import the database from the last export
B.restore all the members in the group from the last backup
C.drop the lost member from the database, and then add a new member to the group
D.restore all the database files from the backup, and then perform a complete recovery
E.restore all the database files from the backup, and then perform an incomplete recovery
Answer: C
145. You lost a data file that belongs to an index tablespace in your database, which operates in
ARCHIVELOG mode. Loss of the data file resulted in increased response time on your queries.
Which two options would you use to solve this problem? (Choose two.)
A.restore the lost data file from the backup, and then flash back the database
B.restore the data file pertaining to index tablespace, and then recover the tablespace
C.restore all the data files, and then perform an incomplete recovery to get the tablespace back
D.restore all the data files, and then perform an incomplete recovery using the backup control file
E.drop and recreate
the index tablespace, and then recreate
all of the indexes in that tablespace
Answer: BE
146. You lost the index tablespace in your database. You are not able to use tablespace pointintime
recovery on the index tablespace. What could be the reason for this?
A.The index tablespace contains bitmap indexes.
B.The index tablespace contains more than one data file.
C.The index tablespace supports only complete recovery.
D.The index tablespace is not a dictionarymanaged
tablespace.
E.There is a dependency relationship between a table and its indexes.
Answer: E
147. You lost the index tablespace in your database. You decided to recreate
the index tablespace and
the indexes in the tablespace.
What methods can you use to recreate
the indexes? (Choose all that apply.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 55
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A.Data Pump
B.SQL scripts
C.SQL*Loader
D.Flashback database
E.Recovery Manager (RMAN) script
Answer: AB
148. You noticed that the index tablespace in your database requires a recovery. However, instead of
performing a media recovery, you decided to recreate
the indexes in a new tablespace.
Which two options would you use to reduce the time it takes to recreate
the indexes? (Choose two.)
A.ONLINE
B.REVERSE
C.PARALLEL
D.COMPRESS
E.NOLOGGING
F.COMPUTE STATISTICS
Answer: CE
149. What effect should the loss of an index tablespace have on an Oracle instance that is running?
A.instance hangs
B.instance gets aborted
C.instance continues running
D.instance gets restarted automatically
Answer: C
150. You lost the PRODSTD tablespace, which was readonly.
The tablespace was readonly
when the
last backup was taken. How would you recover the tablespace?
A.restore the tablespace from the backup
B.restore the tablespace from the backup, and then perform an incomplete recovery
C.restore the tablespace from the backup, and then apply all the redo information
D.restore all the data files in the database, and then perform an incomplete recovery
Answer: A
151. You lost the PRODSTD tablespace, which was read/write. The tablespace was readonly
when the
last backup was performed. How would you recover the tablespace?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 56
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A.restore the tablespace from the backup? there is no need to apply the redo information
B.restore the full database to recover the data up to the point when you performed the backup
C.restore the tablespace from the backup, and then perform a recovery using the backup control file
D.restore the tablespace from the backup, and then recover the tablespace? all the redo information from
the point when the tablespace was made read/write is applied
Answer: D
152. One of the tablespaces is readonly
in your database. The loss of all control files forced you to
recreate
the control file.
Which operation do you need to perform after recreating
the control file and opening the database?
A.drop and recreate
the readonly
tablespaces
B.rename the readonly
data files to their correct file names
C.change the tablespace status from read/write to readonly
D.recreate
the readonly
tablespace because it is automatically removed
Answer: B
153. You have a readonly
tablespace on readonly
media. You want to perform a media recovery on the
existing data files, but using a backup control file. The backup control file indicates that the status of the
readonly
tablespace was read/write when the control file was backed up.
What should you consider?
A.drop the readonly
tablespace and recreate
the tablespace after recovery
B.take data files from the readonly
tablespace offline before performing a recovery
C.perform a recovery? status of the tablespace in control file will be changed automatically
D.recovery using backup control file is not possible, so restore all the files from the last full database
backup, and then open the database
Answer: B
154. The loss of the control file forced you to recreate
the control file. After recreating
it and opening the
database, you find that some of the data files are named as MISSINGnnnnn, where nnnnn is a fivedigit
number starting with 0.
What could be the possible reason?
A.These are the data files that are corrupted.
B.There is no SYSAUX tablespace in your database
C.There is a readonly
tablespace in your database.
D.These are the data files that cannot be recovered.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 57
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Answer: C
155. In your database, all the tablespaces are locally managed. You started Recovery Manager (RMAN)
using recovery catalog. The following commands are used in the process of recovering the database by
using the backup control file:
In what sequence would you use this process to perform the recovery?
A.7, 2, 3, 1, 4, 6, 5
B.7, 1, 3, 2, 6, 5, 4
C.2, 1, 7, 6, 3, 5, 4
D.2, 7, 3, 5, 1, 6, 4
Answer: B
156. In your database, all the tablespaces are locally managed. You started Recovery Manager (RMAN)
using recovery catalog and restored the control file by using the following command:
RMAN> RESTORE CONTROLFILE?
Which two operations do you need to perform after restoring the control file from backup? (Choose two.)
A.shut down and restart the instance
B.add new tempfiles to the temporary tablespaces after recovery
C.perform a media recovery and open the database with the RESETLOGS option
D.perform a media recovery and bring the database to NOARCHIVELOG mode
Answer: BC
157. You used the following command in Recovery Manager (RMAN) as part of the recovery process:
RESTORE CONTROLFILE FROM AUTOBACKUP?
How does RMAN find the control file autobackup? (Choose all that apply.)
A.by using the trace file
B.by using the alert log file
C.by using the database ID
D.by using the server parameter file
E.by using the V$CONTROLFILE view
F.by using the autobackup format configuration setting
Answer: CF
158. You are connected to Recovery Manager (RMAN) without a recovery catalog. There is no copy of the
control file available. You want to restore the control file from an autobackup. To retrieve the autobackup,
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 58
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
you need the database ID (DBID).
In which two sources would you find the DBID? (Choose two.)
A.the trace file
B.the alert log file
C.an RMAN session log file
D.the server parameter file
E.the formatted name of a control file autobackup
Answer: CE
159. Your database operates in ARCHIVELOG mode. Usermanaged
consistent backups are performed
every Sunday night.
On Tuesday, client A drops a table at 8:00 a.m. as follows:
SQL> DROP TABLE cust_ord PURGE?
Table dropped.
Client B executes a query at 9:00 a.m. on the same table as follows:
SQL> SELECT * FROM cust_ord?
SELECT * FROM cust_ord
*
ERROR at line 1:
ORA00942:
table or view does not exist
Client B needs the dropped table and reports the problem to you.
With reference to this scenario, which action should you take?
A.retrieve the table by using the flashback feature
B.restore all the data files from last Sunday's backup, and then perform a timebased
recovery
C.restore all the data files from last Sunday's backup, and then perform a log sequence recovery
D.restore all the data files from last Sunday's backup, and then perform a cancelbased
recovery
E.restore from last Sunday's backup only data files that belong to the tablespace in which the table was
stored, and then perform a complete recovery
Answer: B
160. Your database operates in ARCHIVELOG mode and usermanaged
consistent backups are
performed every Sunday night. On Tuesday, at 9:00 a.m. the current log sequence number was 369. Also,
on Tuesday you lost the data file belonging to the SYSTEM tablespace and an archivelog file (sequence
number 356) that contained redo entries between 8:00 a.m. and 8:30 a.m.
With reference to this scenario, what would you do to recover the database?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 59
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A.restore all the data files from last Sunday's backup, and then perform a timebased
recovery
B.restore all the data files from last Sunday's backup, and then perform a cancelbased
recovery
C.restore all the data files from last Sunday's backup, and then perform a changebased
recovery
D.restore only data files that belong to the SYSTEM tablespace from last Sunday's backup, and then
perform a complete recovery
Answer: B
161. You have only two redo log groups and these groups get overwritten several times in a day. Your
database operates in NOARCHIVELOG mode and usermanaged
consistent backups are performed
every Sunday night. On Thursday morning, you find that an important table has been dropped and
purged.
With reference to this scenario, up to what point in time can the data be recovered?
A.until Thursday morning
B.until last Sunday's backup
C.until Wednesday evening
D.until that point in time when the database is opened
E.until that point in time when the recovery is performed
F.until that point in time when the table is dropped and purged
Answer: B
162. Your database is functioning in ARCHIVELOG mode. In which two situations would you perform a
cancelbased
recovery? (Choose two.)
A.You find that one of the redo log members in each redo log group is lost.
B.You find that a data file that belongs to the USERS tablespace is damaged.
C.You find that a data file that belongs to the SYSTEM tablespace is damaged.
D.You find that the current redo log group is damaged and is not available for recovery.
E.You realized while performing a recovery that an archived redo log file needed for recovery is lost.
Answer: DE
163. The current time is 12:00 noon. You want to recover the USERS tablespace from a failure that
occurred at 11:50 a.m. You discover that the only member of an unarchived redo log group containing
information from 11:40 a.m. onwards is corrupt.
With reference to this scenario, if you are not using Recovery Manager (RMAN), which recovery method
would you use?
A.timebased
recovery
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 60
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B.log sequence recovery
C.cancelbased
recovery
D.changebased
recovery
Answer: C
164. You performed an incomplete recovery on your Oracle Database 10g database using the following
command:
SQL> RECOVER DATABASE
2 UNTIL TIME '20040805:
12:10:03'
3 USING BACKUP CONTROLFILE?
In which situation would the above recovery be required?
A.A user table was lost at the specified time.
B.A redo log file was lost at the specified time.
C.The backup control file is on a faster disk than the current one.
D.The current control file has a different path compared with the intended time of recovery.
E.The current control file does not match the physical structure of the database at the intended time of
recovery.
Answer: E
165. Consider the recovery steps in each of the cases given below:
Case 1:
1Shut down the database and perform a backup.
2Restore all the data files.
3Mount the database.
4Recover the database.
5Without applying all the redo log files, open the database using the RESETLOGS option.
6Back up the database.
Case 2:
1Shut down the database and perform a backup.
2Restore only the data files of the tablespace where user error damaged the data.
3Mount the database.
4Recover the database.
5Open the database with the RESETLOGS option.
6Back up the database.
Case 3:
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 61
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
1Shut down the database
2Restore the data files
3Open the database
4Perform recovery to the current point in time.
Which case has the correct steps for an incomplete recovery?
A.only case 1
B.only case 2
C.only case 3
D.case 1 and 2
E.case 2 and 3
F.case 1 and 3
G.all cases: case 1, case 2 and case 3
Answer: A
166. For an incomplete recovery, which four backup types can be used by Recovery Manager (RMAN) to
restore data files? (Choose four.)
A.RMAN image copies
B.RMAN database backups
C.RMAN tablespace backups
D.usermanaged
backups placed in the flash recovery area
E.usermanaged
backups that have been cataloged with RMAN
F.usermanaged
data file backups for which the full path name is specified
Answer: ABCE
167. Your database operates in ARCHIVELOG mode. The redo log files are not multiplexed and one of
the online redo logs is missing. The missing redo log sequence, 230, is not archived, and it contained
information from 10:35 a.m. onwards.
The current time is 11:00 a.m. Because of a disk crash, you executed the following command to perform
an incomplete recovery:
RMAN> RUN {
2> SET UNTIL SEQUENCE 230 THREAD 1?
3> ALTER DATABASE MOUNT?
4> RESTORE DATABASE?
5> RECOVER DATABASE?
6> ALTER DATABASE OPEN RESETLOGS?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 62
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
7> }?
With reference to this scenario, which statement is true?
A.RMAN recovers up to log sequence 230, but not including 230.
B.RMAN returns an error because the log sequence number mentioned in the command should be 229.
C.RMAN returns an error because the log sequence number mentioned in the command may never be
missing.
D.RMAN recovers up to and including log sequence 229 but then returns an error because log sequence
230 is missing.
Answer: A
168. Your database operates in ARCHIVELOG mode and all the tablespaces are online. Due to a user
error, you decided to perform an incomplete recovery.
Which two tasks would you be required to perform in the recovery process? (Choose two.)
A.open the database with the RESETLOGS option
B.open the database with the RESTRICTED option
C.recover all the data files to the same system change number (SCN)
D.recover to the required SCN only that data file in which the error occurred
Answer: AC
169. View the Exhibit.
One of the important tables in the USERS tablespace was dropped and purged from the recycle bin at
9:00 a.m. You noticed this at 11:00 a.m. and you want to perform an incomplete recovery to recover the
table.
Which statement is true?
A.You must recover all data files to the required system change number (SCN).
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 63
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B.You must recover all data files, except those that are offline, to the required SCN .
C.You must recover all data files belonging to the USERS tablespace to the required SCN.
D.You cannot recover all data files because segment space management is performed manually for the
undo tablespace.
Answer: B
170. You are using Oracle Database 10g. Which statement regarding an incomplete recovery is true?
A.You do not need to restore all the data files.
B.You do not need to open the database with the RESETLOGS operation.
C.You do not need to perform a full backup after the RESETLOGS operation.
D.You do not need to recover all the data files to the same system change number (SCN).
Answer: C
171. You are using Oracle Database 10g. The LOG_ARCHIVE_FORMAT parameter is set to
'LOG%t_%s_%r.dbf'.
Why is %r used in the file name format?
A.to uniquely identify the archived log files with the restore operation
B.to uniquely identify the archived log files with the redo log group number
C.to uniquely identify the archived log files for each incarnation of the database
D.to uniquely identify the archived log files with the number of recovery operations performed
Answer: C
172. The loss of which two types of files may require a recovery with the RESETLOGS option? (Choose
two.)
A.control files
B.password file
C.archived log files
D.systemcritical
data files for which all the redo entries are present
E.nonsystemcritical
data files for which all the redo entries are present
Answer: AC
173. You are working on Oracle Database 10g, which is in ARCHIVELOG mode. All the archived log files
are intact.
In which scenario would performing a recovery require the opening of the database with the RESETLOGS
option?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 64
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A.loss of a tempfile
B.loss of a system data file
C.loss of one of the control files
D.loss of one of the tablespaces
E.loss of a member from each redo log group
F.loss of the only member of an unarchived redo log group
Answer: F
174. Every Sunday, consistent backups are performed on your database. Because of a user error, you
performed an incomplete recovery on Tuesday and opened the database with the RESETLOGS option.
A user error occurs again on Thursday, which necessitates an incomplete recovery. Sunday's backup is
the most recent backup available.
What would you do in this scenario?
A.recovery cannot be performed because a backup was not performed after the last incomplete recovery
B.restore all the files from Sunday's backup, and then perform an incomplete recovery up to the point in
time when the user error occurred on Thursday
C.restore all the files from Sunday's backup, and then recover up to the point in time when the
RESETLOGS operation was performed on Tuesday
D.restore all the files from Sunday's backup, and open the database to reset the database to the point in
time when the backup was performed on Sunday
Answer: B
175. You are working on an Oracle Database 10g database that operates in the ARCHIVELOG mode. At
06:00 p.m., you discovered that a table in the SYSTEM tablespace that does not belong to the data
dictionary was dropped at 03:00 p.m.
What would you do to recover the table?
A.perform pointintime
recovery to recover the table
B.recover the table by using the Flashback Table feature
C.restore the entire database from the most recent backup and open it
D.use the Flashback Transaction Query feature to identify the relevant SQL statement and use it to
undrop the table
Answer: A
176. A data file became corrupted in your database due to bad sectors on the disk. Because of corruption,
you lost all the important tables in that data file.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 65
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Which method would you use for recovery?
A.flash back all the tables in the data file, one by one
B.restore the data file to a new location and perform a media recovery
C.flash back the database? there is no need to restore the data file
D.restore the data file from the most recent backup and flash back the database
Answer: B
177. On Tuesday, a junior DBA dropped an important application user account, whose schema has
important tables. You are asked to recover all the objects in the schema. On investigation, you find that
the user account was dropped at 11:00 a.m. and Sunday's backup is the most recent backup.
Which flashback feature would you use?
A.Flashback Drop
B.Flashback Table
C.Flashback Database
D.Flashback Version Query
E.Flashback Transaction Query
Answer: C
178. You are working on an Oracle Database 10g database. Because of data loss, you decided to perform
a Flashback Database operation using the following command:
SQL> FLASHBACK DATABASE TO TIMESTAMP(SYSDATE 5/24)?
Which two statements are true? (Choose two.)
A.SYSDATE should not be used with TIMESTAMP.
B.The database must have multiplexed redo log files.
C.The database must be in the MOUNT state to execute the command.
D.The database must be opened with the RESETLOGS option after the flashback operation.
E.The entire database needs to be restored from the most recent backup before the flashback operation.
Answer: CD
179. You are working on an Oracle Database 10g database. For which purposes would you use the
Flashback Transaction Query feature? (Choose all that apply.)
A.to recover a dropped table
B.to recover a dropped schema
C.to recover data from a truncated table
D.to view changes made by all the transactions during a given period of time
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 66
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
E.to view changes made by a single transaction during a given period of time
Answer: DE
180. View the Exhibit and examine the Flashback Database architecture.
Identify the missing component (shown with a "?") in the Flashback Database architecture.
A.DBWn
B.RVWR
C.ARCH
D.RECO
E.TRWR
Answer: B
181. What are the prerequisites for enabling Flashback Database? (Choose all that apply.)
A.The database must be in the NOMOUNT state.
B.The database must have multiplexed control files.
C.The database must be in ARCHIVELOG mode.
D.The database must be opened in RESTRICTED mode.
E.The database must be started in the MOUNT EXCLUSIVE state.
F.The database must be opened by using a textbased
parameter file instead of a server parameter file
(SPFILE).
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 67
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Answer: CE
182. You are working on an Oracle Database 10g database. You enabled the Flashback Database feature.
Which two statements regarding flashback logs are true? (Choose two.)
A.Flashback logs are not archived.
B.Flashback logs are maintained in redo log files.
C.Flashback logs are maintained in the Flash Recovery Area.
D.Flashback logs are used to maintain Flashback Databaserelated errors.
E.Flashback logs need to be cleared manually after you disable Flashback Database.
Answer: AC
183. You want to configure the Flashback Database feature and retain flashback logs for three days.
The steps used in this process are:
A.Set the retention target:
SQL> ALTER SYSTEM SET DB_FLASHBACK_RETENTION_TARGET=4320?
B.Enable Flashback Database:
SQL> ALTER DATABASE FLASHBACK ON?
C.Mount the database:
SQL> STARTUP MOUNT EXCLUSIVE?
D.Shut down the instance:
SQL> SHUTDOWN IMMEDIATE?
E. Open the database:
SQL> ALTER DATABASE OPEN?
In what sequence would you need to perform these steps to enable the Flashback Database feature?
A.D, C, A, B, E
B.D, A, C, B, E
C.B, D, C, E, A
D.D, B, E, C, A
Answer: A
184. In which case would you use the Flashback Database feature to perform a recovery?
A.to recover a dropped tablespace
B.to recover data from a truncated table
C.to recover a data file that has been shrunk
D.to recover a database to the state that existed before the RESETLOGS operation
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 68
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Answer: B
185. You disabled the Flashback Database feature by using the following command:
SQL> ALTER DATABASE FLASHBACK OFF?
What would be the effect of this command on the existing flashback logs?
A.Flashback logs are not deleted.
B.Flashback logs are deleted automatically.
C.Flashback logs are deleted only if you are using Recovery Manager (RMAN).
D.Flashback logs are deleted only if you are using Oracle Managed Files (OMF).
E.Flashback logs are deleted only if you are using Automatic Storage Management (ASM).
Answer: B
186. You executed the following query in your database:
FROM V$FLASHBACK_DATABASE_LOG?
What would you determine from the output?
A.the time when the last flashback operation in your database was performed
B.the time when the first flashback operation in your database was performed
C.a list of flashback operations performed in your database using SCN and time
D.the approximate time and the lowest system change number (SCN) to which you can flash back your
database
Answer: D
187. These are the details about V$FLASHBACK_DATABASE_STAT:
SQL> DESC V$FLASHBACK_DATABASE_STAT
Name Null? Type
BEGIN_
TIME DATE
END_TIME DATE
FLASHBACK_DATA NUMBER
DB_DATA NUMBER
REDO_DATA NUMBER
ESTIMATED_FLASHBACK_SIZE NUMBER
Which two statements regarding the V$FLASHBACK_DATABASE_STAT view are true? (Choose two.)
A.BEGIN_TIME is the time at which Flashback logging is enabled.
B.END_TIME is the time at which the query is executed on the view.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 69
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
C.REDO_DATA is the number of bytes of redo data written during the interval.
D.This view contains information about flashback data pertaining to the last 24 hours.
E.FLASHBACK_DATA is the amount of flashback data generated since the database was opened.
Answer: CD
188. You decided to change the location of the flash recovery area. You executed the following command:
Which statement is true?
A.The location can be changed only if the flash recovery area is empty.
B.After executing the command, all new flash recovery area files will be created in the new location.
C.The command will generate an error because you cannot change the flash recovery area while the
database is open.
D.All the existing files in the flash recovery area will be moved to the new location, and all new Flash
Recovery Area files will be created in the new location.
Answer: B
189. You enabled the flashback logging feature, but you have not specified the location of the flash
recovery area.
Which location would be used as the default location for the flash recovery area?
A.the location used for control files
B.the location used for redo log files
C.the location set by using $ORACLE_BASE
D.the location set by using $ORACLE_HOME
E.the location set by using CORE_DUMP_DEST
F.the location set by using BACKGROUND_DUMP_DEST
Answer: C
190. You configured the flash recovery area in the database. Which two files would you expect to find in
the flash recovery area? (Choose two.)
A.backup pieces
B.control file autobackups
C.copies of all the parameter files
D.trace file generated using BACKUP CONTROLFILE TO TRACE
Answer: AB
191. You performed a backup of the flash recovery area by using the following command for the first time:
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 70
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
RMAN> BACKUP RECOVERY AREA?
Which files in the flash recovery area are backed up? (Choose all that apply.)
A.flashback logs
B.current control file
C.control file autobackups
D.incremental backup sets
Answer: CD
Testinside
Testinside.com was founded in 2006. The safer,easier way to help you pass any IT
Certification exams . We provide high quality IT Certification exams practice
questions and answers(Q&A). Especially Adobe, Apple, Citrix, Comptia, EMC,
HP, HuaWei, LPI, Nortel, Oracle, SUN, Vmware and so on. And help you pass
any IT Certification exams at the first try.
You can reach us at any of the email addresses listed below.
English Customer: Sales@TestInside.Com
TaiWan&HK Customer: Salestw@TestInside.Com
Chinese Customer: Salescn@TestInside.com
English Version http://www.testinside.com
Chinese (Traditional) http:// www.testinside.net
Chinese (Simplified) http:// www.testinside.cn





Testinside
Exam : Oracle 1Z0047
Title : Oracle Database SQL Expert
Version : V2.23
TestInside,help you pass any IT exam!
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 2
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Important Note, Please Read Carefully
Other TestInside products
Offline Testing Engine
Use the offline Testing engine product to practice the questions in an exam environment.
Build a foundation of knowledge which will be useful also after passing the exam.
Download the Testing Engine Version of 1Z0047
More TestInside Oracle Other Oracle Certification Products
Latest Version
We are constantly reviewing our products. New material is added and old material is revised. Free
updates are available for 90 days after the purchase. You should check your member zone at TestInside
and update 34
days before the scheduled exam date.
Here is the procedure to get the latest version:
1.Go to http://www.TestInside.com
2. Log in the User Center
3.The latest versions of all purchased products are downloadable from here. Just click the links.
Feedback
If you spot a possible improvement then please let us know. We always interested in improving product
quality.
Feedback should be send to sales@TestInside.com. You should include the following: Exam number,
version, page number, question number, and your login Account.
Our experts will answer your mail promptly.
Explanations
This product does not include explanations at the moment. If you are interested in providing explanations
for this exam, please contact sales@TestInside.com.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 3
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
1. You need to load information about new customers from the NEW_CUST table into the tables CUST
and CUST_SPECIAL. If a new customer has a credit limit greater than 10,000, then the details have to be
inserted into CUST_SPECIAL. All new customer details have to be inserted into the CUST table. Which
technique should be used to load the data most efficiently?
A. external table
B. the MERGE command
C. the multitable INSERT command
D. INSERT using WITH CHECK OPTION
Answer: C
2. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the CUSTOMERS table.
You want to add a constraint on the CUST_FIRST_NAME column of the CUSTOMERS table so that the
value inserted in the column does not have numbers.
Which SQL statement would you use to accomplish the task?
A. ALTER TABLE CUSTOMERS
ADD CONSTRAINT cust_f_name
CHECK(REGEXP_LIKE(cust_first_name,'^AZ'))
NOVALIDATE ?
B. ALTER TABLE CUSTOMERS
ADD CONSTRAINT cust_f_name
CHECK(REGEXP_LIKE(cust_first_name,'^[09]'))
NOVALIDATE ?
C. ALTER TABLE CUSTOMERS
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 4
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
ADD CONSTRAINT cust_f_name
CHECK(REGEXP_LIKE(cust_first_name,'[[:alpha:]]'))NOVALIDATE ?
D. ALTER TABLE CUSTOMERS
ADD CONSTRAINT cust_f_name
CHECK(REGEXP_LIKE(cust_first_name,'[[:digit:]]'))NOVALIDATE ?
Answer: C
3. Which three tasks can be performed using regular expression support in Oracle Database 10g?
(Choose three.)
A. It can be used to concatenate two strings.
B. It can be used to find out the total length of the string.
C. It can be used for string manipulation and searching operations.
D. It can be used to format the output for a column or expression having string data.
E. It can be used to find and replace operations for a column or expression having string data.
Answer: CDE
4. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the EMP table which is not partitioned and not an
indexorganized
table.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
ALTER TABLE emp
DROP COLUMN first_name?
Which two statements are true regarding the above command? (Choose two.)
A. The FIRST_NAME column would be dropped provided it does not contain any data.
B. The FIRST_NAME column would be dropped provided at least one or more columns remain in the
table.
C. The FIRST_NAME column can be rolled back provided the SET UNUSED option is added to the above
SQL statement.
D. The FIRST_NAME column can be dropped even if it is part of a composite PRIMARY KEY provided
the CASCADE option is used.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 5
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Answer: BD
5. Evaluate the CREATE TABLE statement:
CREATE TABLE products
(product_id NUMBER(6) CONSTRAINT prod_id_pk PRIMARY KEY,
product_name VARCHAR2(15))?
Which statement is true regarding the PROD_ID_PK constraint?
A. It would be created only if a unique index is manually created first.
B. It would be created and would use an automatically created unique index.
C. It would be created and would use an automatically created nonunique index.
D. It would be created and remains in a disabled state because no index is specified in the command.
Answer: B
6. Which two statements are true? (Choose two.)
A. The USER_SYNONYMS view can provide information about private synonyms.
B. The user SYSTEM owns all the base tables and useraccessible
views of the data dictionary.
C. All the dynamic performance views prefixed with V$ are accessible to all the database users.
D. The USER_OBJECTS view can provide information about the tables and views created by the user
only.
E. DICTIONARY is a view that contains the names of all the data dictionary views that the user can
access.
Answer: AE
7. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the ORDERS table.
Which two WHERE clause conditions demonstrate the correct usage of conversion functions? (Choose
two.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 6
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. WHERE order_date > TO_DATE('JUL 10 2006','MON DD YYYY')
B. WHERE TO_CHAR(order_date,'MON DD YYYY') = 'JAN 20 2003'
C. WHERE order_date > TO_CHAR(ADD_MONTHS(SYSDATE,6),'MON DD YYYY')
D. WHERE order_date IN ( TO_DATE('Oct 21 2003','Mon DD YYYY'), TO_CHAR('NOV 21 2003','Mon DD
YYYY') )
Answer: AB
8. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the EMPLOYEES table.
Your company decided to give a monthly bonus of $50 to all the employees who have completed five
years in the company. The following statement is written to display the LAST_NAME, DEPARTMENT_ID,
and the total annual salary:
SELECT last_name, department_id, salary+50*12 "Annual Compensation"
FROM employees
WHERE MONTHS_BETWEEN(SYSDATE, hire_date)/12 >= 5?
When you execute the statement, the "Annual Compensation" is not computed correctly. What changes
would you make to the query to calculate the annual compensation correctly?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 7
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. Change the SELECT clause to SELECT last_name, department_id, salary*12+50 "Annual
Compensation".
B. Change the SELECT clause to SELECT last_name, department_id, salary+(50*12) "Annual
Compensation".
C. Change the SELECT clause to SELECT last_name, department_id, (salary+50)*12 "Annual
Compensation".
D. Change the SELECT clause to SELECT last_name, department_id, (salary*12)+50 "Annual
Compensation".
Answer: C
9. Evaluate the following CREATE SEQUENCE statement:
CREATE SEQUENCE seq1
START WITH 100
INCREMENT BY 10
MAXVALUE 200
CYCLE
NOCACHE?
The sequence SEQ1 has generated numbers up to the maximum limit of 200. You issue the following
SQL statement:
SELECT seq1.nextval FROM dual?
What is displayed by the SELECT statement?
A. 1
B. 10
C. 100
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 8
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
D. an error
Answer: A
10. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the EMPLOYEES table.
You want to display the EMPLOYEE_ID, FIRST_NAME, and DEPARTMENT_ID for all the employees
who work in the same department and have the same manager as that of the employee having
EMPLOYEE_ID 104. To accomplish the task, you execute the following SQL statement:
SELECT employee_id, first_name, department_id
FROM employees
WHERE (manager_id, department_id) =(SELECT department_id, manager_id
FROM employees
WHERE employee_id = 104)
AND employee_id <> 104?
When you execute the statement it does not produce the desired output. What is the reason for this?
A. The WHERE clause condition in the main query is using the = comparison operator, instead of
EXISTS.
B. The WHERE clause condition in the main query is using the = comparison operator, instead of the IN
operator.
C. The WHERE clause condition in the main query is using the = comparison operator, instead of the =
ANY operator.
D. The columns in the WHERE clause condition of the main query and the columns selected in the
subquery should be in the same order.
Answer: D
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 9
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
11. View the Exhibit and examine the descriptions of ORDER_ITEMS and ORDERS tables.
You want to display the CUSTOMER_ID, PRODUCT_ID, and total (UNIT_PRICE multiplied by
QUANTITY) for the order placed. You also want to display the subtotals for a CUSTOMER_ID as well as
for a PRODUCT_ID for the last six months.
Which SQL statement would you execute to get the desired output?
A. SELECT o.customer_id, oi.product_id, SUM(oi.unit_price*oi.quantity) "Total"
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
ON oi.order_id=o.order_id
GROUP BY ROLLUP (o.customer_id,oi.product_id)
WHERE MONTHS_BETWEEN(order_date, SYSDATE) <= 6?
B. SELECT o.customer_id, oi.product_id, SUM(oi.unit_price*oi.quantity) "Total"
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
ON oi.order_id=o.order_id
GROUP BY ROLLUP (o.customer_id,oi.product_id)
HAVING MONTHS_BETWEEN(order_date, SYSDATE) <= 6?
C. SELECT o.customer_id, oi.product_id, SUM(oi.unit_price*oi.quantity) "Total"
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
ON oi.order_id=o.order_id
GROUP BY ROLLUP (o.customer_id, oi.product_id)
WHERE MONTHS_BETWEEN(order_date, SYSDATE) >= 6?
D. SELECT o.customer_id, oi.product_id, SUM(oi.unit_price*oi.quantity) "Total"
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 10
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
ON oi.order_id=o.order_id
WHERE MONTHS_BETWEEN(order_date, SYSDATE) <= 6
GROUP BY ROLLUP (o.customer_id, oi.product_id) ?
Answer: D
12. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the EMPLOYEES table.
You want to retrieve hierarchical data of the employees using the topdown
hierarchy. Which SQL clause
would let you choose the direction to walk through the hierarchy tree?
A. WHERE
B. HAVING
C. GROUP BY
D. START WITH
E. CONNECT BY PRIOR
Answer: E
13. Which two statements are true regarding the execution of the correlated subqueries? (Choose two.)
A. The nested query executes after the outer query returns the row.
B. The nested query executes first and then the outer query executes.
C. The outer query executes only once for the result returned by the inner query.
D. Each row returned by the outer query is evaluated for the results returned by the inner query.
Answer: AD
14. OE and SCOTT are the users in the database. The ORDERS table is owned by OE. Evaluate the
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 11
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
statements issued by the DBA in the following sequence:
CREATE ROLE r1?
GRANT SELECT, INSERT ON oe.orders TO r1?
GRANT r1 TO scott?
GRANT SELECT ON oe.orders TO scott?
REVOKE SELECT ON oe.orders FROM scott?
What would be the outcome after executing the statements?
A. SCOTT would be able to query the OE.ORDERS table.
B. SCOTT would not be able to query the OE.ORDERS table.
C. The REVOKE statement would remove the SELECT privilege from SCOTT as well as from the role R1.
D. The REVOKE statement would give an error because the SELECT privilege has been granted to the
role R1.
Answer: A
15. Evaluate the following SQL statement:
ALTER TABLE hr.emp
SET UNUSED (mgr_id)?
Which statement is true regarding the effect of the above SQL statement?
A. Any synonym existing on the EMP table would have to be recreated.
B. Any constraints defined on the MGR_ID column would be removed by the above command.
C. Any views created on the EMP table that include the MGR_ID column would have to be dropped and
recreated.
D. Any index created on the MGR_ID column would continue to exist until the DROP UNUSED
COLUMNS command is executed.
Answer: B
16. EMPDET is an external table containing the columns EMPNO and ENAME. Which command would
work in relation to the EMPDET table?
A. UPDATE empdet
SET ename = 'Amit'
WHERE empno = 1234?
B. DELETE FROM empdet
WHERE ename LIKE 'J%'?
C. CREATE VIEW empvu
AS
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 12
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
SELECT * FROM empdept?
D. CREATE INDEX empdet_idx
ON empdet(empno)?
Answer: C
17. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the MARKS_DETAILS and MARKStables.
Which is the best method to load data from the MARKS_DETAILStable to the MARKStable?
A. Pivoting INSERT
B. Unconditional INSERT
C. Conditional ALL INSERT
D. Conditional FIRST INSERT
Answer: A
18. View the Exhibit and examine the data in ORDERS and ORDER_ITEMS tables.
You need to create a view that displays the ORDER ID, ORDER_DATE, and the total number of items in
each order.
Which CREATE VIEW statement would create the view successfully?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 13
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. CREATE OR REPLACE VIEW ord_vu (order_id,order_date)
AS SELECT o.order_id, o.order_date, COUNT(i.line_item_id)
"NO OF ITEMS"
FROM orders o JOIN order_items i
ON (o.order_id = i.order_id)
GROUP BY o.order_id,o.order_date?
B. CREATE OR REPLACE VIEW ord_vu
AS SELECT o.order_id, o.order_date, COUNT(i.line_item_id)
"NO OF ITEMS"
FROM orders o JOIN order_items i
ON (o.order_id = i.order_id)
GROUP BY o.order_id,o.order_date?
C. CREATE OR REPLACE VIEW ord_vu
AS SELECT o.order_id, o.order_date, COUNT(i.line_item_id)
FROM orders o JOIN order_items i
ON (o.order_id = i.order_id)
GROUP BY o.order_id,o.order_date?
D. CREATE OR REPLACE VIEW ord_vu
AS SELECT o.order_id, o.order_date, COUNT(i.line_item_id)||' NO OF ITEMS'
FROM orders o JOIN order_items i
ON (o.order_id = i.order_id)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 14
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
GROUP BY o.order_id,o.order_date
WITH CHECK OPTION?
Answer: B
19. View the Exhibit and examine PRODUCTS and ORDER_ITEMS tables.
You executed the following query to display PRODUCT_NAME and the number of times the product has
been ordered:
SELECT p.product_name, i.item_cnt
FROM (SELECT product_id, COUNT (*) item_cnt
FROM order_items
GROUP BY product_id) i RIGHT OUTER JOIN products p
ON i.product_id = p.product_id?
What would happen when the above statement is executed?
A. The statement would execute successfully to produce the required output.
B. The statement would not execute because inline views and outer joins cannot be used together.
C. The statement would not execute because the ITEM_CNT alias cannot be displayed in the outer query.
D. The statement would not execute because the GROUP BY clause cannot be used in the inline view.
Answer: A
20. In which scenario would you use the ROLLUP operator for expression or columns within a GROUP
BY clause?
A. to find the groups forming the subtotal in a row
B. to create groupwise
grand totals for the groups specified within a GROUP BY clause
C. to create a grouping for expressions or columns specified within a GROUP BY clause in one direction,
from right to left for calculating the subtotals
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 15
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
D. to create a grouping for expressions or columns specified within a GROUP BY clause in all possible
directions, which is crosstabular
report for calculating the subtotals
Answer: C
21. View the Exhibit and examine the details of the EMPLOYEES table.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT phone_number,
REGEXP_REPLACE(phone_number,'([[:digit:]]{3})\.([[:digit:]]{3})\.([[:digit:]]{4})', '(\1) \2\
3')
"PHONE NUMBER"
FROM employees?
The query was written to format the PHONE_NUMBER for the employees. Which option would be the
correct format in the output?
A. xxxxxxxxxx
B. (xxx) xxxxxxx
C. (xxx) xxxxxxx
D. xxx(
xxx)xxxx
Answer: C
22. Which statement correctly grants a system privilege?
A. GRANT EXECUTE
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 16
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
ON proc1
TO PUBLIC?
B. GRANT CREATE VIEW
ON table1 TO
user1?
C. GRANT CREATE TABLE
TO user1,user2?
D. GRANT CREATE SESSION
TO ALL?
Answer: C
23. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the CUST table.
Evaluate the following SQL statements executed in the given order:
ALTER TABLE cust
ADD CONSTRAINT cust_id_pk PRIMARY KEY(cust_id) DEFERRABLE INITIALLY DEFERRED?
INSERT INTO cust VALUES (1,'RAJ')? row
1
INSERT INTO cust VALUES (1,'SAM')? row
2
COMMIT?
SET CONSTRAINT cust_id_pk IMMEDIATE?
INSERT INTO cust VALUES (1,'LATA')? row
3
INSERT INTO cust VALUES (2,'KING')? row
4
COMMIT?
Which rows would be made permanent in the CUST table?
A. row 4 only
B. rows 2 and 4
C. rows 3 and 4
D. rows 1 and 4
Answer: C
24. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDERS table:
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 17
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
The ORDER_ID column has the PRIMARY KEY constraint and CUSTOMER_ID has the NOT NULL
constraint.
Evaluate the following statement:
INSERT INTO (SELECT order_id,order_date,customer_id
FROM ORDERS
WHERE order_total = 1000
WITH CHECK OPTION)
VALUES (13, SYSDATE, 101)?
What would be the outcome of the above INSERT statement?
A. It would execute successfully and the new row would be inserted into a new temporary table created by
the subquery.
B. It would execute successfully and the ORDER_TOTAL column would have the value 1000 inserted
automatically in the new row.
C. It would not execute successfully because the ORDER_TOTAL column is not specified in the SELECT
list and no value is provided for it.
D. It would not execute successfully because all the columns from the ORDERS table should have been
included in the SELECT list and values should have been provided for all the columns.
Answer: C
25. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the EMPLOYEES table.
Your company wants to give 5% bonus to all the employees on their annual salary. The SALARY column
stores the monthly salary for an employee. To check the total for annual salary and bonus amount for
each employee, you issued the following SQL statement:
SELECT first_name, salary, salary*12+salary*12*.05 "ANNUAL SALARY + BONUS"
FROM employees?
Which statement is true regarding the above query?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 18
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. It would execute and give you the desired output.
B. It would not execute because the AS keyword is missing between the column name and the alias.
C. It would not execute because double quotation marks are used instead of single quotation marks for
assigning alias for the third column.
D. It would execute but the result for the third column would be inaccurate because the parentheses for
overriding the precedence of the operator are missing.
Answer: A
26. Which statement is true regarding external tables?
A. The default REJECT LIMIT for external tables is UNLIMITED.
B. The data and metadata for an external table are stored outside the database.
C. ORACLE_LOADER and ORACLE_DATAPUMP have exactly the same functionality when used with an
external table.
D. The CREATE TABLE AS SELECT statement can be used to unload data into regular table in the
database from an external table.
Answer: D
27. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the PRODUCT_INFORMATION table.
You want to see the product names and the date of expiration of warranty for all the products, if the
product is purchased today. The products that have no warranty should be displayed at the top and the
products with maximum warranty period should be displayed at the bottom.
Which SQL statement would you execute to fulfill this requirement?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 19
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. SELECT product_name, category_id, SYSDATE+warranty_period AS "Warranty expire date"
FROM product_information
ORDER BY SYSDATEwarranty_
period?
B. SELECT product_name, category_id, SYSDATE+warranty_period AS "Warranty expire date"
FROM product_information
ORDER BY SYSDATE+warranty_period?
C. SELECT product_name, category_id, SYSDATE+warranty_period AS "Warranty expire date"
FROM product_information
ORDER BY SYSDATE?
D. SELECT product_name, category_id, SYSDATE+warranty_period "Warranty expire date"
FROM product_information
WHERE warranty_period >SYSDATE?
Answer: B
28. Which two statements are true regarding the EXISTS operator used in the correlated subqueries?
(Choose two.)
A. The outer query stops evaluating the result set of the inner query when the first value is found.
B. It is used to test whether the values retrieved by the inner query exist in the result of the outer query.
C. It is used to test whether the values retrieved by the outer query exist in the result set of the inner
query.
D. The outer query continues evaluating the result set of the inner query until all the values in the result
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 20
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
set are processed.
Answer: AC
29. A noncorrelated
subquery can be defined as ____.
A. a set of sequential queries, all of which must always return a single value
B. a set of sequential queries, all of which must return values from the same table
C. a SELECT statement that can be embedded in a clause of another SELECT statement only
D. a set of one or more sequential queries in which generally the result of the inner query is used as the
search value in the outer query
Answer: D
30. You need to create a table for a banking application with the following considerations:
1) You want a column in the table to store the duration of the credit period.
2) The data in the column should be stored in a format such that it can be easily added and subtracted
with
3) date type data without using the conversion functions.
4) The maximum period of the credit provision in the application is 30 days.
5) The interest has to be calculated for the number of days an individual has taken a credit for.
Which data type would you use for such a column in the table?
A. INTERVAL YEAR TO MONTH
B. INTERVAL DAY TO SECOND
C. TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE
D. TIMESTAMP WITH LOCAL TIME ZONE
Answer: B
31. Which statements are true regarding the hierarchical query in Oracle Database 10g? (Choose all that
apply.)
A. It is possible to retrieve data only in topdown
hierarchy.
B. It is possible to retrieve data in topdown
or bottomup
hierarchy.
C. It is possible to remove an entire branch from the output of the hierarchical query.
D. You cannot specify conditions when you retrieve data by using a hierarchical query.
Answer: BC
32. Which two statements are true regarding views? (Choose two.)
A. A simple view in which column aliases have been used cannot be updated.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 21
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B. A subquery used in a complex view definition cannot contain group functions or joins.
C. Rows cannot be deleted through a view if the view definition contains the DISTINCT keyword.
D. Rows added through a view are deleted from the table automatically when the view is dropped.
E. The OR REPLACE option is used to change the definition of an existing view without dropping and
recreating
it.
F. The WITH CHECK OPTION constraint can be used in a view definition to restrict the columns displayed
through the view.
Answer: CE
33. View the Exhibit and examine the details of the ORDER_ITEMS table.
Evaluate the following SQL statements:
Statement 1:
SELECT MAX(unit_price*quantity) "Maximum Order"
FROM order_items?
Statement 2:
SELECT MAX(unit_price*quantity) "Maximum Order"
FROM order_items
GROUP BY order_id?
Which statements are true regarding the output of these SQL statements? (Choose all that apply.)
A. Statement 1 would return only one row of output.
B. Both the statements would give the same output.
C. Statement 2 would return multiple rows of output.
D. Statement 1 would not return any row because the GROUP BY clause is missing.
E. Both statements would ignore NULL values for the UNIT_PRICE and QUANTITY columns.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 22
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Answer: ACE
34. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDERS and ORDER_ITEMS tables.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT oi.order_id, product_id, order_date
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
USING(order_id)?
Which statement is true regarding the execution of this SQL statement?
A. The statement would not execute because table aliases are not allowed in the JOIN clause.
B. The statement would not execute because the table alias prefix is not used in the USING clause.
C. The statement would not execute because all the columns in the SELECT clause are not prefixed with
table aliases.
D. The statement would not execute because the column part of the USING clause cannot have a
qualifier in the SELECT list.
Answer: D
35. Evaluate the following SQL statements in the given order:
DROP TABLE dept?
CREATE TABLE dept
(deptno NUMBER(3) PRIMARY KEY,
deptname VARCHAR2(10))?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 23
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
DROP TABLE dept?
FLASHBACK TABLE dept TO BEFORE DROP?
Which statement is true regarding the above FLASHBACK operation?
A. It recovers only the first DEPT table.
B. It recovers only the second DEPT table.
C. It does not recover any of the tables because FLASHBACK is not possible in this case.
D. It recovers both the tables but the names would be changed to the ones assigned in the
RECYCLEBIN.
Answer: B
36. Evaluate the following statements:
CREATE TABLE digits
(id NUMBER(2),
description VARCHAR2(15))?
INSERT INTO digits VALUES (1,'ONE')?
UPDATE digits SET description ='TWO' WHERE id=1?
INSERT INTO digits VALUES (2,'TWO')?
COMMIT?
DELETE FROM digits?
SELECT description FROM digits
VERSIONS BETWEEN TIMESTAMP MINVALUE AND MAXVALUE?
What would be the outcome of the above query?
A. It would not display any values.
B. It would display the value TWO once.
C. It would display the value TWO twice.
D. It would display the values ONE, TWO, and TWO.
Answer: C
37. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the ORDERS table.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT order_id, customer_id
FROM orders
WHERE order_date > 'June 30 2001'?
Which statement is true regarding the execution of this SQL statement?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 24
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. It would not execute because 'June 30 2001' in the WHERE condition is not enclosed within double
quotation marks.
B. It would execute and would return ORDER_ID and CUSTOMER_ID for all records having
ORDER_DATE greater than 'June 30 2001'.
C. It would not execute because 'June 30 2001' in the WHERE condition cannot be converted implicitly
and needs the use of the TO_DATE conversion function for proper execution.
D. It would not execute because 'June 30 2001' in the WHERE condition cannot be converted implicitly
and needs the use of the TO_CHAR conversion function for proper execution.
Answer: C
38. Which statements are correct regarding indexes? (Choose all that apply.)
A. When a table is dropped, the corresponding indexes are automatically dropped.
B. For each DML operation performed, the corresponding indexes are automatically updated.
C. Indexes should be created on columns that are frequently referenced as part of an expression.
D. A nondeferrable
PRIMARY KEY or UNIQUE KEY constraint in a table automatically creates a unique
index.
Answer: ABD
39. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the PRODUCT_INFORMATION table.
Which SQL statement would retrieve from the table the number of products having LIST_PRICE as
NULL?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 25
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. SELECT COUNT(list_price)
FROM product_information
WHERE list_price IS NULL?
B. SELECT COUNT(list_price)
FROM product_information
WHERE list_price = NULL?
C. SELECT COUNT(NVL(list_price, 0))
FROM product_information
WHERE list_price IS NULL?
D. SELECT COUNT(DISTINCT list_price)
FROM product_information
WHERE list_price IS NULL?
Answer: C
40. User OE, the owner of the ORDERS table, issues the following command:
GRANT SELECT ,INSERT
ON orders
TO hr
WITH GRANT OPTION?
The user HR issues the following command:
GRANT SELECT
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 26
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
ON oe.orders
TO scott?
Then, OE issues the following command:
REVOKE ALL
ON orders
FROM hr?
Which statement is correct?
A. The user SCOTT loses the privilege to select rows from OE.ORDERS.
B. The user SCOTT retains the privilege to select rows from OE.ORDERS.
C. The REVOKE statement generates an error because OE has to first revoke the SELECT privilege from
SCOTT.
D. The REVOKE statement generates an error because the ALL keyword cannot be used for privileges
that have been granted using WITH GRANT OPTION.
Answer: A
41. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the EMP table.
You executed the following command to add a primary key to the EMP table:
ALTER TABLE emp
ADD CONSTRAINT emp_id_pk PRIMARY KEY (emp_id)
USING INDEX emp_id_idx?
Which statement is true regarding the effect of the command?
A. The PRIMARY KEY is created along with a new index.
B. The PRIMARY KEY is created and it would use an existing unique index.
C. The PRIMARY KEY would be created in a disabled state because it is using an existing index.
D. The statement produces an error because the USING clause is permitted only in the CREATE TABLE
command.
Answer: B
42. SCOTT is a user in the database.
Evaluate the commands issued by the DBA:
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 27
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
1 CREATE
ROLE mgr?
2 GRANT
CREATE TABLE, SELECT
ON oe.orders
TO mgr?
3 GRANT
mgr, create table TO SCOTT?
Which statement is true regarding the execution of the above commands?
A. Statement 1 would not execute because the WITH GRANT option is missing.
B. Statement 1 would not execute because the IDENTIFIED BY <password> clause is missing.
C. Statement 3 would not execute because role and system privileges cannot be granted together in a
single GRANT statement.
D. Statement 2 would not execute because system privileges and object privileges cannot be granted
together in a single GRANT command.
Answer: D
43. Which statement best describes the GROUPING function?
A. It is used to set the order for the groups to be used for calculating the grand totals and subtotals.
B. It is used to form various groups to calculate total and subtotals created using ROLLUP and CUBE
operators.
C. It is used to identify if the NULL value in an expression is a stored NULL value or created by ROLLUP
or CUBE.
D. It is used to specify the concatenated group expressions to be used for calculating the grand totals and
subtotals.
Answer: C
44. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of ORD and ORD_ITEMS tables.
In the ORD table, the PRIMARY KEY is ORD_NO and in the ORD_ITEMS tables the composite
PRIMARY KEY is (ORD_NO, ITEM_NO).
Which two CREATE INDEX statements are valid? (Choose two.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 28
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. CREATE INDEX ord_idx
ON ord(ord_no)?
B. CREATE INDEX ord_idx
ON ord_items(ord_no)?
C. CREATE INDEX ord_idx
ON ord_items(item_no)?
D. CREATE INDEX ord_idx
ON ord,ord_items(ord_no, ord_date,qty)?
Answer: BC
45. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the CUSTOMERS table.
CUSTOMER_VU is a view based on CUSTOMERS_BR1 table which has the same structure as
CUSTOMERS table. CUSTOMERS needs to be updated to reflect the latest information about the
customers.
What is the error in the following MERGE statement?
MERGE INTO customers c
USING customer_vu cv
ON (c.customer_id = cv.customer_id)
WHEN MATCHED THEN
UPDATE SET
c.customer_id = cv.customer_id,
c.cust_name = cv.cust_name,
c.cust_email = cv.cust_email,
c.income_level = cv.income_level
WHEN NOT MATCHED THEN
INSERT VALUES(cv.customer_id,cv.cust_name,cv.cust_email,cv,income_level)
WHERE cv.income_level >100000?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 29
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. The CUSTOMER_ID column cannot be updated.
B. The INTO clause is misplaced in the command.
C. The WHERE clause cannot be used with INSERT.
D. CUSTOMER_VU cannot be used as a data source.
Answer: A
46. Which two statements are true regarding operators used with subqueries? (Choose two.)
A. The NOT IN operator is equivalent to IS NULL.
B. The <ANY operator means less than the maximum.
C. =ANY and =ALL operators have the same functionality.
D. The IN operator cannot be used in singlerow
subqueries.
E. The NOT operator can be used with IN, ANY and ALL operators.
Answer: BE
47. Given below are the SQL statements executed in a user session:
CREATE TABLE product
(pcode NUMBER(2),
pname VARCHAR2(10))?
INSERT INTO product VALUES(1, 'pen')?
INSERT INTO product VALUES (2,'pencil')?
SAVEPOINT a?
UPDATE product SET pcode = 10 WHERE pcode = 1?
SAVEPOINT b?
DELETE FROM product WHERE pcode = 2?
COMMIT?
DELETE FROM product WHERE pcode=10?
ROLLBACK TO SAVEPOINT a?
Which statement describes the consequences?
A. No SQL statement would be rolled back.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 30
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B. Both the DELETE statements would be rolled back.
C. Only the second DELETE statement would be rolled back.
D. Both the DELETE statements and the UPDATE statement would be rolled back.
Answer: A
48. Evaluate the following CREATE TABLE command:
CREATE TABLE order_item
(order_id NUMBER(3),
item_id NUMBER(2),
qty NUMBER(4),
CONSTRAINT ord_itm_id_pk
PRIMARY KEY (order_id,item_id)
USING INDEX
(CREATE INDEX ord_itm_idx
ON order_item(order_id,item_id)))?
Which statement is true regarding the above SQL statement?
A. It would execute successfully and only ORD_ITM_IDX index would be created.
B. It would give an error because the USING INDEX clause cannot be used on a composite primary key.
C. It would execute successfully and two indexes ORD_ITM_IDX and ORD_ITM_ID_PK would be
created.
D. It would give an error because the USING INDEX clause is not permitted in the CREATE TABLE
command.
Answer: A
49. View the Exhibit and examine the description of EMPLOYEES and DEPARTMENTS tables.
You want to display the EMPLOYEE_ID, LAST_NAME, and SALARY for the employees who get the
maximum salary in their respective departments. The following SQL statement was written:
WITH
SELECT employee_id, last_name, salary
FROM employees
WHERE (department_id, salary) = ANY (SELECT *
FROM dept_max)
dept_max as ( SELECT d.department_id, max(salary)
FROM departments d JOIN employees j
ON (d.department_id = j.department_id)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 31
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
GROUP BY d.department_id)?
Which statement is true regarding the execution and the output of this statement?
A. The statement would execute and give the desired results.
B. The statement would not execute because the = ANY comparison operator is used instead of =.
C. The statement would not execute because the main query block uses the query name before it is even
created.
D. The statement would not execute because the comma is missing between the main query block and
the query name.
Answer: C
50. View the Exhibit and examine the data in the DEPARTMENTS tables.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT department_id "DEPT_ID", department_name , 'b'
FROM departments
WHERE department_id=90
UNION
SELECT department_id, department_name DEPT_NAME, 'a'
FROM departments
WHERE department_id=10
Which two ORDER BY clauses can be used to sort the output of the above statement? (Choose two.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 32
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. ORDER BY 3?
B. ORDER BY 'b'?
C. ORDER BY DEPT_ID?
D. ORDER BY DEPT_NAME?
Answer: AC
51. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the EMPLOYEES table.
You want to know the EMPLOYEE_ID and FIRST_NAME of all the records in the EMPLOYEES table
wherein the JOB_ID column has ST_CLERK or ST_MAN values, the DEPARTMENT_ID column has
value 30, and the SALARY column has a value greater than 3,000.
Which SQL statement would get you the desired result?
A. SELECT employee_id, first_name
FROM employees
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 33
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
WHERE job_id like 'MAN%' OR job_id like 'CLERK%'
AND department_id = 30 AND salary > 3000?
B. SELECT employee_id, first_name
FROM employees
WHERE job_id like '%MAN' OR job_id like '%CLERK'
AND (department_id = 30 OR salary > 3000)?
C. SELECT employee_id, first_name
FROM employees
WHERE (job_id like '%MAN' AND job_id like '%CLERK')
AND department_id = 30 OR salary > 3000?
D. SELECT employee_id, first_name
FROM employees
WHERE (job_id like '%MAN' OR job_id like '%CLERK' )
AND department_id = 30 AND salary > 3000?
Answer: D
52. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDERS table.
The ORDERS table belongs to the user OE. HR is another user in the database.
Evaluate the commands issued by users OE and HR in the following order:
Statement 1 by user OE: GRANT SELECT,
UPDATE(customer_id, order_total)
ON orders
TO hr?
Statement 1 by user HR: SELECT * FROM oe.orders?
Statement 2 by user HR: UPDATE oe.orders
SET order_total= 10000?
Which statement is true regarding the above commands?
A. Statement 1 by user OE would not work because the statement has to be issued by the DBA.
B. Statement 2 by user HR would not work because the grant is only for SELECT in a subquery of update.
C. There are no errors in the statements issued by OE and HR? all the statements would execute
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 34
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
successfully.
D. Statement 1 by user HR would not work because SELECT and UPDATE privileges have been granted
only on CUSTOMER_ID and ORDER_TOTAL columns.
Answer: C
53. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDER_ITEMS table.
You need to display the ORDER_ID of the order that has the highest total value among all the orders in
the ORDER_ITEMS table.
Which query would produce the desired output?
A. SELECT order_id
FROM order_items
WHERE(unit_price*quantity) = MAX(unit_price*quantity)
GROUP BY order_id?
B. SELECT order_id
FROM order_items
WHERE(unit_price*quantity) = (SELECT MAX(unit_price*quantity)
FROM order_items)
GROUP BY order_id?
C. SELECT order_id
FROM order_items
WHERE (unit_price*quantity) = (SELECT MAX(unit_price*quantity)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 35
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
FROM order_items
GROUP BY order_id)?
D. SELECT order_id
FROM order_items
GROUP BY order_id
HAVING SUM(unit_price*quantity) =(SELECT MAX(SUM(unit_price*quantity))
FROM order_items GROUP BY order_id)?
Answer: D
54. Which two statements are true about sequences created in a single instance database? (Choose
two.)
A. The numbers generated by a sequence can be used only for one table.
B. DELETE <sequencename> would remove a sequence from the database.
C. CURRVAL is used to refer to the last sequence number that has been generated.
D. When the MAXVALUE limit for a sequence is reached, you can increase the MAXVALUE limit by using
the ALTER SEQUENCE statement.
E. When a database instance shuts down abnormally, the sequence numbers that have been cached but
not used would be available once again when the database instance is restarted.
Answer: CD
55. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the EMPLOYEES and DEPARTMENTS tables.
Which SET operator would you use in the blank space in the following SQL statement to list the
departments where all the employees have managers?
SELECT department_id
FROM departments
____
SELECT department_id
FROM employees
WHERE manager_id IS NULL?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 36
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. UNION
B. MINUS
C. INTERSECT
D. UNION ALL
Answer: B
56. Which mandatory clause has to be added to the following statement to successfully create an external
table called EMPDET?
CREATE TABLE empdet
(empno CHAR(2), ename CHAR(5), deptno NUMBER(4))
ORGANIZATION EXTERNAL
(LOCATION ('emp.dat'))?
A. TYPE
B. REJECT LIMIT
C. DEFAULT DIRECTORY
D. ACCESS PARAMETERS
Answer: C
57. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the ORDER_ITEMS and PRODUCT_INFORMATION
tables.
The ORDER_ITEM table has records pertaining to details for each product in an order. The
PRODUCT_INFORMATION table has records for all the products available for ordering.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT oi.order_id, pi.product_id
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 37
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
FROM order_items oi RIGHT OUTER JOIN product_information pi
ON (oi.product_id=pi.product_id)?
Which statement is true regarding the output of this SQL statement?
A. The query would return the ORDER_ID and PRODUCT_ID for only those products that are ordered.
B. The query would return the ORDER_ID and PRODUCT_ID for the products that are ordered as well as
for the products that have never been ordered.
C. The query would return the ORDER_ID and PRODUCT_ID for the products that are ordered but not
listed in the PRODUCT_INFORMATION table.
D. The query would return the ORDER_ID and PRODUCT_ID for those products that are ordered as well
as for the products that have never been ordered, and for the products that are not listed in the
PRODUCT_INFORMATION table.
Answer: B
58. Evaluate the following statement:
CREATE TABLE bonuses(employee_id NUMBER, bonus NUMBER DEFAULT 100)?
The details of all employees who have made sales need to be inserted into the BONUSES table. You can
obtain the list of employees who have made sales based on the SALES_REP_ID column of the ORDERS
table.
The human resources manager now decides that employees with a salary of $8,000 or less should
receive a bonus. Those who have not made sales get a bonus of 1% of their salary. Those who have
made sales get a bonus of 1% of their salary and also a salary increase of 1%. The salary of each
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 38
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
employee can be obtained from the EMPLOYEES table.
Which option should be used to perform this task most efficiently?
A. MERGE
B. Unconditional INSERT
C. Conditional ALL INSERT
D. Conditional FIRST INSERT
Answer: A
59. Which statement is true regarding the ROLLUP operator specified in the GROUP BY clause of a SQL
statement?
A. It produces only the subtotals for the groups specified in the GROUP BY clause.
B. It produces only the grand totals for the groups specified in the GROUP BY clause.
C. It produces higherlevel
subtotals, moving from right to left through the list of grouping columns
specified in the GROUP BY clause.
D. It produces higherlevel
subtotals, moving in all the directions through the list of grouping columns
specified in the GROUP BY clause.
Answer: C
60. View the Exhibit and examine DEPARTMENTS and the LOCATIONS tables.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT location_id, city
FROM locations
l WHERE NOT EXISTS (SELECT location_id
FROM departments
WHERE location_id <> l.location_id)?
This statement was written to display LOCATION_ID and CITY where there are no departments located.
Which statement is true regarding the execution and output of the command?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 39
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. The statement would execute and would return the desired results.
B. The statement would not execute because the = comparison operator is missing in the WHERE clause
of the outer query.
C. The statement would execute but it will return zero rows because the WHERE clause in the inner query
should have the = operator instead of <>.
D. The statement would not execute because the WHERE clause in the outer query is missing the column
name for comparison with the inner query result.
Answer: C
61. Evaluate the following SQL statements that are issued in the given order:
CREATE TABLE emp
(emp_no NUMBER(2) CONSTRAINT emp_emp_no_pk PRIMARY KEY,
ename VARCHAR2(15),
salary NUMBER(8,2),
mgr_no NUMBER(2) CONSTRAINT emp_mgr_fk REFERENCES emp)?
ALTER TABLE emp
DISABLE CONSTRAINT emp_emp_no_pk CASCADE?
ALTER TABLE emp
ENABLE CONSTRAINT emp_emp_no_pk?
What would be the status of the foreign key EMP_MGR_FK?
A. It would be automatically enabled and deferred.
B. It would be automatically enabled and immediate.
C. It would remain disabled and has to be enabled manually using the ALTER TABLE command.
D. It would remain disabled and can be enabled only by dropping the foreign key constraint and
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 40
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
recreating
it.
Answer: C
62. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the LOCATIONS and DEPARTMENTS tables.
Which SET operator should be used in the blank space in the following SQL statement to display the cities
that have departments located in them?
SELECT location_id, city
FROM locations
____
SELECT location_id, city
FROM locations JOIN departments
USING(location_id)?
A. UNION
B. MINUS
C. INTERSECT
D. UNION ALL
Answer: C
63. Which CREATE TABLE statement is valid?
A. CREATE TABLE ord_details
(ord_no NUMBER(2) PRIMARY KEY,
item_no NUMBER(3) PRIMARY KEY,
ord_date date NOT NULL)?
B. CREATE TABLE ord_details
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 41
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
(ord_no NUMBER(2) UNIQUE, NOT NULL,
item_no NUMBER(3),
ord_date date DEFAULT SYSDATE NOT NULL)?
C. CREATE TABLE ord_details
(ord_no NUMBER(2) ,
item_no NUMBER(3),
ord_date date DEFAULT NOT NULL,
CONSTRAINT ord_uq UNIQUE (ord_no),
CONSTRAINT ord_pk PRIMARY KEY (ord_no))?
D. CREATE TABLE ord_details
(ord_no NUMBER(2),
item_no NUMBER(3),
ord_date date DEFAULT SYSDATE NOT NULL,
CONSTRAINT ord_pk PRIMARY KEY (ord_no, item_no))?
Answer: D
64. Evaluate the following SELECT statement and view the Exhibit to examine its output:
SELECT constraint_name, constraint_type, search_condition, r_constraint_name, delete_rule, status
FROM user_constraints
WHERE table_name = ORDERS
Which two statements are true about the output? (Choose two.)
A. In the second column, indicates a check constraint.
B. The STATUS column indicates whether the table is currently in use.
C. The R_CONSTRAINT_NAME column gives the alternative name for the constraint.
D. The column DELETE_RULE decides the state of the related rows in the child table when the
corresponding row is deleted from the parent table.
Answer: AD
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 42
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
65. Which statement is true regarding Flashback Version Query?
A. It returns versions of rows only within a transaction.
B. It can be used in subqueries contained only in a SELECT statement.
C. It will return an error if the undo retention time is less than the lower bound time or SCN specified.
D. It retrieves all versions including the deleted as well as subsequently reinserted versions of the rows.
Answer: D
66. Which two statements are true regarding multiplerow
subqueries? (Choose two.)
A. They can contain group functions.
B. They always contain a subquery within a subquery.
C. They use the < ALL operator to imply less than the maximum.
D. They can be used to retrieve multiple rows from a single table only.
E. They should not be used with the NOT IN operator in the main query if NULL is likely to be a part of the
result of the subquery.
Answer: AE
67. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDERS table. The columns ORDER_MODE and
ORDER_TOTAL have the default values 'direct' and 0 respectively.
Which two INSERT statements are valid? (Choose two.)
A. INSERT INTO orders
VALUES (1, '09mar2007',
'online','',1000)?
B. INSERT INTO orders
(order_id,order_date,order_mode,
customer_id,order_total)
VALUES(1,TO_DATE(NULL), 'online', 101, NULL)?
C. INSERT INTO
(SELECT order_id,order_date,customer_id
FROM orders)
VALUES (1,'09mar2007',
101)?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 43
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
D. INSERT INTO orders
VALUES (1,'09mar2007',
DEFAULT, 101, DEFAULT)?
E. INSERT INTO orders
(order_id,order_date,order_mode,order_total)
VALUES (1,'10mar2007','
online',1000)?
Answer: CD
68. The following are the steps for a correlated subquery, listed in random order:
1) The WHERE clause of the outer query is evaluated.
2) The candidate row is fetched from the table specified in the outer query.
3) The procedure is repeated for the subsequent rows of the table, till all the rows are processed.
4) Rows are returned by the inner query, after being evaluated with the value from the candidate row in
the outer query.
Identify the option that contains the steps in the correct sequence in which the Oracle server evaluates a
correlated subquery.
A. 4, 2, 1, 3
B. 4, 1, 2, 3
C. 2, 4, 1, 3
D. 2, 1, 4, 3
Answer: C
69. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the EMPLOYEES table.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT employee_id, last_name, job_id, manager_id
FROM employees
START WITH employee_id = 101
CONNECT BY PRIOR employee_id=manager_id?
Which statement is true regarding the output for this command?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 44
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. It would return a hierarchical output starting with the employee whose EMPLOYEE_ID is 101, followed
by his or her peers.
B. It would return a hierarchical output starting with the employee whose EMPLOYEE_ID is 101, followed
by the employee to whom he or she reports.
C. It would return a hierarchical output starting with the employee whose EMPLOYEE_ID is 101,
followed by employees below him or her in the hierarchy.
D. It would return a hierarchical output starting with the employee whose EMPLOYEE_ID is101, followed
by employees up to one level below him or her in the hierarchy.
Answer: C
70. Which two statements are true about the GROUPING function? (Choose two.)
A. It is used to find the groups forming the subtotal in a row.
B. It is used to identify the NULL value in the aggregate functions.
C. It is used to form the group sets involved in generating the totals and subtotals.
D. It can only be used with ROLLUP and CUBE operators specified in the GROUP BY clause.
Answer: AD
71. Given below is a list of datetime data types and examples of values stored in them in a random order:
Datatype Example
1)INTERVAL YEAR TO MONTH a) '20030415
8:00:00 8:
00'
2)TIMESTAMP WITH LOCAL TIME ZONE b) '+06 03:30:16.000000'
3)TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE c) '17JUN03
12.00.00.000000 AM'
4)INTERVAL DAY TO SECOND d) '+0200'
Identify the option that correctly matches the data types with the values.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 45
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. 1d,
2c,
3a,
4b
B. 1b,
2a,
3c,
4d
C. 1b,
2a,
3d,
4c
D. 1d,
2c,
3b,
4a
Answer: A
72. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the PRODUCT_INFORMATION table.
You want to display the expiration date of the warranty for a product. Which SQL statement would you
execute?
A. SELECT product_id, SYSDATE + warranty_period
FROM product_information?
B. SELECT product_id, TO_YMINTERVAL(warranty_period)
FROM product_information?
C. SELECT product_id, TO_YMINTERVAL(SYSDATE) + warranty_period
FROM product_information?
D. SELECT product_id, TO_YMINTERVAL(SYSDATE + warranty_period)
FROM product_information?
Answer: A
73. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDERS table.
NEW_ORDERS is a new table with the columns ORD_ID, ORD_DATE, CUST_ID, and ORD_TOTAL that
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 46
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
have the same data types and size as the corresponding columns in the ORDERS table.
Evaluate the following INSERT statement:
INSERT INTO new_orders (ord_id, ord_date, cust_id, ord_total)
VALUES(SELECT order_id,order_date,customer_id,order_total
FROM orders
WHERE order_date > '31dec1999')
?
Why would the INSERT statement fail?
A. because column names in NEW_ORDERS and ORDERS tables do not match
B. because the VALUES clause cannot be used in an INSERT with a subquery
C. because the WHERE clause cannot be used in a subquery embedded in an INSERT statement
D. because the total number of columns in the NEW_ORDERS table does not match the total number of
columns in the ORDERS table
Answer: B
74. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDER_ITEMS and ORDERS tables.
You are asked to retrieve the ORDER_ID, PRODUCT_ID, and total price (UNIT_PRICE multiplied by
QUANTITY), where the total price is greater than 50,000.
You executed the following SQL statement:
SELECT order_id, product_id, unit_price*quantity "Total Price"
FROM order_items
WHERE unit_price*quantity > 50000
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 47
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
NATURAL JOIN orders?
Which statement is true regarding the execution of the statement?
A. The statement would execute and provide the desired result.
B. The statement would not execute because the ON keyword is missing in the NATURAL JOIN clause.
C. The statement would not execute because the WHERE clause is before the NATURAL JOIN clause.
D. The statement would not execute because the USING keyword is missing in the NATURAL JOIN
clause.
Answer: C
75. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the EMPLOYEES table.
You want to know the FIRST_NAME and SALARY for all employees who have the same manager as that
of the employee with the first name 'Neena' and have salary equal to or greater than that of 'Neena'.
Which SQL statement would give you the desired result?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 48
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. SELECT first_name, salary
FROM employees
WHERE (manager_id, salary) >= ALL (SELECT manager_id, salary
FROM employees
WHERE first_name = 'Neena' )
AND first_name <> 'Neena'?
B. SELECT first_name, salary
FROM employees
WHERE (manager_id, salary) >= (SELECT manager_id, salary
FROM employees
WHERE first_name = 'Neena' )
AND first_name <> 'Neena'?
C. SELECT first_name, salary
FROM employees
WHERE (manager_id, salary) >= ANY (SELECT manager_id, salary
FROM employees
WHERE first_name = 'Neena' )
AND first_name <> 'Neena'?
D. SELECT first_name, salary
FROM employees
WHERE ( manager_id = (SELECT manager_id
FROM employees
WHERE first_name = 'Neena' )
AND salary >= ( SELECT salary
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 49
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
FROM employees
WHERE first_name = 'Neena' ) )
AND first_name <> 'Neena'?
Answer: D
76. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDERS table.
Which UPDATE statement is valid?
A. UPDATE orders
SET order_date = '12mar2007',
order_total IS NULL
WHERE order_id = 2455?
B. UPDATE orders
SET order_date = '12mar2007',
order_total = NULL
WHERE order_id = 2455?
C. UPDATE orders
SET order_date = '12mar2007'
AND order_total = TO_NUMBER(NULL)
WHERE order_id = 2455?
D. UPDATE orders
SET order_date = TO_DATE('12mar2007','
ddmonyyyy'),
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 50
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
SET order_total = TO_NUMBER(NULL)
WHERE order_id = 2455?
Answer: B
77. View the Exhibit and examine the descriptions for ORDERS and ORDER_ITEMS tables.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT o.customer_id, oi.product_id, SUM(oi.unit_price*oi.quantity) "Order Amount"
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
ON oi.order_id = o.order_id
GROUP BY CUBE (o.customer_id, oi.product_id)?
Which three statements are true regarding the output of this SQL statement? (Choose three.)
A. It would return the subtotals for the Order Amount of every CUSTOMER_ID.
B. It would return the subtotals for the Order Amount for every PRODUCT_ID.
C. It would return the subtotals for the Order Amount of every PRODUCT_ID and CUSTOMER_ID as one
group.
D. It would return the subtotals for the Order Amount of every CUSTOMER_ID and PRODUCT_ID as one
group.
E. It would return only the grand total for the Order Amount of every CUSTOMER_ID and PRODUCT_ID
as one group.
Answer: ABD
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 51
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
78. View the Exhibit and examine the details of the EMPLOYEES table.
You want to generate a hierarchical report for all the employees who report to the employee whose
EMPLOYEE_ID is 100.
Which SQL clauses would you require to accomplish the task? (Choose all that apply.)
A. WHERE
B. HAVING
C. GROUP BY
D. START WITH
E. CONNECT BY
Answer: ADE
79. View the Exhibit and examine the data in ORDERS_MASTER and MONTHLY_ORDERS tables.
Evaluate the following MERGE statement:
MERGE INTO orders_master o
USING monthly_orders m
ON (o.order_id = m.order_id)
WHEN MATCHED THEN
UPDATE SET o.order_total = m.order_total
DELETE WHERE (m.order_total IS NULL)
WHEN NOT MATCHED THEN
INSERT VALUES (m.order_id, m.order_total)?
What would be the outcome of the above statement?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 52
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. The ORDERS_MASTER table would contain the ORDER_IDs 1 and 2.
B. The ORDERS_MASTER table would contain the ORDER_IDs 1, 2 and 3.
C. The ORDERS_MASTER table would contain the ORDER_IDs 1, 2 and 4.
D. The ORDERS_MASTER table would contain the ORDER_IDs 1, 2, 3 and 4.
Answer: C
80. Evaluate the following ALTER TABLE statement:
ALTER TABLE orders
SET UNUSED order_date?
Which statement is true?
A. The DESCRIBE command would still display the ORDER_DATE column.
B. ROLLBACK can be used to get back the ORDER_DATE column in the ORDERS table.
C. The ORDER_DATE column should be empty for the ALTER TABLE command to execute successfully.
D. After executing the ALTER TABLE command, you can add a new column called ORDER_DATE to the
ORDERS table.
Answer: D
81. View the Exhibit and examine the ORDERS table.
The ORDERS table contains data and all orders have been assigned a customer ID. Which statement
would add a NOT NULL constraint to the CUSTOMER_ID column?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 53
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. ALTER TABLE orders
ADD CONSTRAINT orders_cust_id_nn NOT NULL (customer_id)?
B. ALTER TABLE orders
MODIFY customer_id CONSTRAINT orders_cust_id_nn NOT NULL?
C. ALTER TABLE orders
MODIFY CONSTRAINT orders_cust_id_nn NOT NULL (customer_id)?
D. ALTER TABLE orders
ADD customer_id NUMBER(6)CONSTRAINT orders_cust_id_nn NOT NULL?
Answer: B
82. Which three statements indicate the end of a transaction? (Choose three.)
A. after a COMMIT is issued
B. after a ROLLBACK is issued
C. after a SAVEPOINT is issued
D. after a SELECT statement is issued
E. after a CREATE statement is issued
Answer: ABE
83. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDERS table.
You have to display ORDER_ID, ORDER_DATE, and CUSTOMER_ID for all those orders that were
placed after the last order placed by the customer whose CUSTOMER_ID is 101.
Which query would give you the desired output?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 54
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. SELECT order_id, order_date FROM orders
WHERE order_date > ALL (SELECT MAX(order_date)
FROM orders ) AND
customer_id = 101?
B. SELECT order_id, order_date FROM orders
WHERE order_date > ANY (SELECT order_date
FROM orders
WHERE customer_id = 101)?
C. SELECT order_id, order_date FROM orders
WHERE order_date > ALL (SELECT order_date
FROM orders
WHERE customer_id = 101)?
D. SELECT order_id, order_date FROM orders
WHERE order_date IN (SELECT order_date
FROM orders
WHERE customer_id = 101)?
Answer: C
84. You need to create a table with the following column specifications:
1. Employee ID (numeric data type) for each employee
2. Employee Name, (character data type) which stores the employee name
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 55
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
3. Hire date, to store the date when the employee joined the organization
4. Status (character data type). It should contain the value if no data is entered.
5. Resume (character large object [CLOB] data type), which would contain the resume submitted by the
employee
Which is the correct syntax to create this table?
A. CREATE TABLE EMP_1
(emp_id NUMBER(4),
emp_name VARCHAR2(25),
start_date DATE,
e_status VARCHAR2(10) DEFAULT 'ACTIVE',
resume CLOB(200))?
B. CREATE TABLE 1_EMP
(emp_id NUMBER(4),
emp_name VARCHAR2(25),
start_date DATE,
emp_status VARCHAR2(10) DEFAULT 'ACTIVE',
resume CLOB)?
C. CREATE TABLE 1_EMP
(emp_id NUMBER(4),
emp_name VARCHAR2(25),
start_date DATE,
emp_status VARCHAR2(10) DEFAULT "ACTIVE",
resume CLOB)?
D. CREATE TABLE EMP_1
(emp_id NUMBER,
emp_name VARCHAR2(25),
start_date DATE,
emp_status VARCHAR2(10) DEFAULT 'ACTIVE',
resume CLOB)?
Answer: D
85. The details of the order ID, order date, order total, and customer ID are obtained from the ORDERS
table. If the order value is more than 30000, the details have to be added to the LARGE_ORDERS table.
The order ID, order date, and order total should be added to the ORDER_HISTORY table, and order ID
and customer ID should be added to the CUST_HISTORY table. Which multitable INSERT statement
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 56
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
would you use?
A. Pivoting INSERT
B. Unconditional INSERT
C. Conditional ALL INSERT
D. Conditional FIRST INSERT
Answer: C
86. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the EMPLOYEES table.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT first_name, employee_id, NEXT_DAY(ADD_MONTHS(hire_date, 6), 1) "Review" FROM
employees?
The query was written to retrieve the FIRST_NAME, EMPLOYEE_ID, and review date for employees.
The review date is the first Monday after the completion of six months of the hiring. The
NLS_TERRITORY parameter is set to AMERICA in the session.
Which statement is true regarding this query?
A. The query would execute to give the desired output.
B. The query would not execute because date functions cannot be nested.
C. The query would execute but the output would give review dates that are Sundays.
D. The query would not execute because the NEXT_DAY function accepts a string as argument.
Answer: C
87. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the EMPLOYEES table.
You want to display all employees and their managers having 100 as the MANAGER_ID. You want the
output in two columns: the first column would have the LAST_NAME of the managers and the second
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 57
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
column would have LAST_NAME of the employees.
Which SQL statement would you execute?
A. SELECT m.last_name "Manager", e.last_name "Employee"
FROM employees m JOIN employees e
ON m.employee_id = e.manager_id
WHERE m.manager_id=100?
B. SELECT m.last_name "Manager", e.last_name "Employee"
FROM employees m JOIN employees e
ON m.employee_id = e.manager_id
WHERE e.manager_id=100?
C. SELECT m.last_name "Manager", e.last_name "Employee"
FROM employees m JOIN employees e
ON e.employee_id = m.manager_id
WHERE m.manager_id=100?
D. SELECT m.last_name "Manager", e.last_name "Employee"
FROM employees m JOIN employees e
WHERE m.employee_id = e.manager_id AND e.manager_id=100?
Answer: B
88. View the Exhibit1 and examine the descriptions of the EMPLOYEES and DEPARTMENTS tables.
The following SQL statement was executed:
SELECT e.department_id, e.job_id, d.location_id, sum(e.salary) total,
GROUPING(e.department_id) GRP_DEPT,
GROUPING(e.job_id) GRP_JOB,
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 58
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
GROUPING(d.location_id) GRP_LOC
FROM employees e JOIN departments d
ON e.department_id = d.department_id
GROUP BY ROLLUP (e.department_id, e.job_id, d.location_id)?
View the Exhibit2 and examine the output of the command.
Which two statements are true regarding the output? (Choose two.)
A. The value 1 in GRP_LOC means that the LOCATION_ID column is taken into account to generate the
subtotal.
B. The value 1 in GRP_JOB and GRP_LOC means that JOB_ID and LOCATION_ID columns are not
taken into account to generate the subtotal.
C. The value 1 in GRP_JOB and GRP_LOC means that the NULL value in JOB_ID and LOCATION_ID
columns are taken into account to generate
the subtotal.
D. The value 0 in GRP_DEPT, GRP_JOB, and GRP_LOC means that DEPARTMENT_ID, JOB_ID, and
LOCATION_ID columns are taken into account to generate the subtotal.
Answer: BD
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 59
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
89. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the DEPARTMENTS and EMPLOYEES tables.
To retrieve data for all the employees for their EMPLOYEE_ID, FIRST_NAME, and DEPARTMENT NAME,
the following SQL statement was written:
SELECT employee_id, first_name, department_name
FROM employees
NATURAL JOIN departments?
The desired output is not obtained after executing the above SQL statement. What could be the reason for
this?
A. The NATURAL JOIN clause is missing the USING clause.
B. The table prefix is missing for the column names in the SELECT clause.
C. The DEPARTMENTS table is not used before the EMPLOYEES table in the FROM clause.
D. The EMPLOYEES and DEPARTMENTS tables have more than one column with the same column
name and data type.
Answer: D
90. View the Exhibit and examine the descriptions of the DEPT and LOCATIONS tables.
You want to update the CITY column of the DEPT table for all the rows with the corresponding value in the
CITY column of the LOCATIONS table for each department.
Which SQL statement would you execute to accomplish the task?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 60
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. UPDATE dept d
SET city = ANY (SELECT city
FROM locations l)?
B. UPDATE dept d
SET city = (SELECT city
FROM locations l)
WHERE d.location_id = l.location_id?
C. UPDATE dept d
SET city = (SELECT city
FROM locations l
WHERE d.location_id = l.location_id)?
D. UPDATE dept d
SET city = ALL (SELECT city
FROM locations l
WHERE d.location_id = l.location_id)?
Answer: C
91. View the Exhibit and examine the data in the LOCATIONS table.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT street_address
FROM locations
WHERE
REGEXP_INSTR(street_address,'[^[:alpha:]]') = 1?
Which statement is true regarding the output of this SQL statement?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 61
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. It would display all the street addresses that do not have a substring 'alpha'.
B. It would display all the street addresses where the first character is a special character.
C. It would display all the street addresses where the first character is a letter of the alphabet.
D. It would display all the street addresses where the first character is not a letter of the alphabet.
Answer: D
92. Evaluate the following expression using meta character for regular expression:
'[^Ale|ax.r$]'
Which two matches would be returned by this expression? (Choose two.)
A. Alex
B. Alax
C. Alxer
D. Alaxendar
E. Alexender
Answer: DE
93. The ORDERS table belongs to the user OE. OE has granted the SELECT privilege on the ORDERS
table to the user HR.
Which statement would create a synonym ORD so that HR can execute the following query successfully?
SELECT * FROM ord?
A. CREATE SYNONYM ord FOR orders? This command is issued by OE.
B. CREATE PUBLIC SYNONYM ord FOR orders? This command is issued by OE.
C. CREATE SYNONYM ord FOR oe.orders? This command is issued by the database administrator.
D. CREATE PUBLIC SYNONYM ord FOR oe.orders? This command is issued by the database
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 62
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
administrator.
Answer: D
94. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the EMPLOYEES and DEPARTMENTS tables.
You want to display the LAST_NAME for the employees, LAST_NAME for the manager of the employees,
and the DEPARTMENT_NAME for the employees having 100 as MANAGER_ID. The following SQL
statement was written:
SELECT m.last_name "Manager", e.last_name "Employee", department_name "Department"
FROM employees m JOIN employees e
ON (m.employee_id = e.manager_id)
WHERE e.manager_id=100
JOIN departments d
ON (e.department_id = d.department_id)?
Which statement is true regarding the output of this SQL statement?
A. The statement would provide the desired results.
B. The statement would not execute because the ON clause is written twice.
C. The statement would not execute because the WHERE clause is wrongly placed.
D. The statement would not execute because the self join uses the ON clause instead of the USING
clause.
Answer: C
95. Evaluate the following DELETE statement:
DELETE FROM orders?
There are no other uncommitted transactions on the ORDERS table.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 63
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Which statement is true about the DELETE statement?
A. It removes all the rows in the table and allows ROLLBACK.
B. It would not remove the rows if the table has a primary key.
C. It removes all the rows as well as the structure of the table.
D. It removes all the rows in the table and does not allow ROLLBACK.
Answer: A
96. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of ORDERS and ORDER_ITEMS tables.
ORDER_ID is the primary key in the ORDERS table. It is also the foreign key in the ORDER_ITEMS table
wherein it is created with the ON DELETE CASCADE option.
Which DELETE statement would execute successfully?
A. DELETE order_id
FROM orders
WHERE order_total < 1000?
B. DELETE orders
WHERE order_total < 1000?
C. DELETE
FROM orders
WHERE (SELECT order_id
FROM order_items)?
D. DELETE orders o, order_items i
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 64
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
WHERE o.order_id = i.order_id?
Answer: B
97. View the Exhibit and examine the description for EMPLOYEES and DEPARTMENTS tables.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT e.department_id, e.job_id, d.location_id, sum(e.salary) total
FROM employees e JOIN departments d
ON e.department_id = d.department_id
GROUP BY CUBE (e.department_id, e.job_id, d.location_id)?
Which two statements are true regarding the output of this command? (Choose two.)
A. The output would display the total salary for all the departments.
B. The output would display the total salary for all the JOB_IDs in a department.
C. The output would display only the grand total of the salary for all JOB_IDs in a LOCATION_ID.
D. The output would display the grand total of the salary for only the groups specified in the GROUP BY
clause.
Answer: AB
98. View the Exhibit and examine the data in EMP and DEPT tables.
In the DEPT table, DEPTNO is the PRIMARY KEY.
In the EMP table, EMPNO is the PRIMARY KEY and DEPTNO is the FOREIGN KEY referencing the
DEPTNO column in the DEPT table.
What would be the outcome of the following statements executed in the given sequence?
DROP TABLE emp?
FLASHBACK TABLE emp TO BEFORE DROP?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 65
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
INSERT INTO emp VALUES (2,COTT 10)?
INSERT INTO emp VALUES (3,ING 55)?
A. Both the INSERT statements would fail because all constraints are automatically retrieved when the
table is flashed back.
B. Both the INSERT statements would succeed because none of the constraints on the table are
automatically retrieved when the table is flashed back.
C. Only the first INSERT statement would succeed because all the constraints except the primary key
constraint are automatically retrieved after a table is flashed back.
D. Only the second INSERT statement would succeed because all the constraints except referential
integrity constraints that reference other tables are retrieved automatically after the table is flashed back.
Answer: D
99. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDERS table.
The ORDER_ID column is the PRIMARY KEY in the ORDERS table. Evaluate the following CREATE
TABLE command:
CREATE TABLE new_orders(ord_id, ord_date DEFAULT SYSDATE, cust_id)
AS
SELECT order_id,order_date,customer_id
FROM orders?
Which statement is true regarding the above command?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 66
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. The NEW_ORDERS table would not get created because the DEFAULT value cannot be specified in
the column definition.
B. The NEW_ORDERS table would get created and only the NOT NULL constraint defined on the
specified columns would be passed to the new table.
C. The NEW_ORDERS table would not get created because the column names in the CREATE TABLE
command and the SELECT clause do not match.
D. The NEW_ORDERS table would get created and all the constraints defined on the specified columns
in the ORDERS table would be passed to the new table.
Answer: B
100. Which two statements are true regarding the GROUP BY clause in a SQL statement? (Choose two.)
A. You can use column alias in the GROUP BY clause.
B. Using the WHERE clause after the GROUP BY clause excludes the rows after creating groups.
C. The GROUP BY clause is mandatory if you are using an aggregate function in the SELECT clause.
D. Using the WHERE clause before the GROUP BY clause excludes the rows before creating groups.
E. If the SELECT clause has an aggregate function, then those individual columns without an aggregate
function in the SELECT clause should be included in the GROUP BY clause.
Answer: DE
101. Which statement is true regarding synonyms?
A. Synonyms can be created for tables but not views.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 67
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B. Synonyms are used to reference only those tables that are owned by another user.
C. A public synonym and a private synonym can exist with the same name for the same table.
D. The DROP SYNONYM statement removes the synonym, and the status of the table on which the
synonym has been created becomes invalid.
Answer: C
102. Evaluate the following command:
CREATE TABLE employees
(employee_id NUMBER(2) PRIMARY KEY,
last_name VARCHAR2(25) NOT NULL,
department_id NUMBER(2),
job_id VARCHAR2(8),
salary NUMBER(10,2))?
You issue the following command to create a view that displays the IDs and last names of the sales staff
in the organization:
CREATE OR REPLACE VIEW sales_staff_vu AS
SELECT employee_id, last_name,job_id
FROM employees
WHERE job_id LIKE 'SA_%' WITH CHECK OPTION?
Which statements are true regarding the above view? (Choose all that apply.)
A. It allows you to insert details of all new staff into the EMPLOYEES table.
B. It allows you to delete the details of the existing sales staff from the EMPLOYEES table.
C. It allows you to update the job ids of the existing sales staff to any other job id in the EMPLOYEES
table.
D. It allows you to insert the IDs, last names and job ids of the sales staff from the view if it is used in
multitable INSERT statements.
Answer: BD
103. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of EMPLOYEES and JOB_HISTORY tables.
The EMPLOYEES table maintains the most recent information regarding salary, department, and job for
all the employees. The JOB_HISTORY table maintains the record for all the job changes for the
employees. You want to delete all the records from the JOB_HISTORY table that are repeated in the
EMPLOYEES table.
Which two SQL statements can you execute to accomplish the task? (Choose two.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 68
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. DELETE
FROM job_history j
WHERE employee_id =
(SELECT employee_id
FROM employees e
WHERE j.employee_id = e.employee_id)
AND job_id = (SELECT job_id
FROM employees e
WHERE j.job_id = e.job_id)?
B. DELETE
FROM job_history j
WHERE (employee_id, job_id) = ALL
(SELECT employee_id, job_id
FROM employees e
WHERE j.employee_id = e.employee_id and j.job_id = e.job_id )
C. DELETE
FROM job_history j
WHERE employee_id =
(SELECT employee_id
FROM employees e
WHERE j.employee_id = e.employee_id and j.job_id = e.job_id )
D. DELETE
FROM job_history j
WHERE (employee_id, job_id) =
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 69
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
(SELECT employee_id, job_id
FROM employees e
WHERE j.employee_id = e.employee_id and j.job_id = e.job_id )
Answer: CD
104. The user SCOTT who is the owner of ORDERS and ORDER_ITEMS tables issues the following
GRANT command:
GRANT ALL
ON orders, order_items
TO PUBLIC?
What correction needs to be done to the above statement?
A. PUBLIC should be replaced with specific usernames.
B. ALL should be replaced with a list of specific privileges.
C. WITH GRANT OPTION should be added to the statement.
D. Separate GRANT statements are required for ORDERS and ORDER_ITEMS tables.
Answer: D
105. Given below is a list of functions and the tasks performed by using these functions, in random order.
Function Usage
1) LPAD a) Used to truncate a column, expression, or value to n decimal places
2) TRUNC b) Used to remove heading or trailing or both characters from the character string
3) DECODE c) Pads the character value rightjustified
to a total width of n character positions
4) TRIM d) Used to return the numeric value for position of a named character from the
character string
5) INSTR e) Used to translate an expression after comparing it with each search value
Which option correctly matches the function names with their usage?
A. 1c,
2b,
3e,
4a,
5d
B. 1e,
2b,
3c,
4a,
5d
C. 1e,
2a,
3c,
4d,
5b
D. 1c,
2a,
3e,
4b,
5d
Answer: D
106. Which statement is true regarding the CUBE operator in the GROUP BY clause of a SQL statement?
A. It produces only aggregates for the groups specified in the GROUP BY clause.
B. It finds all the NULL values in the superaggregates for the groups specified in the GROUP BY clause.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 70
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
C. It produces 2 n possible superaggregate combinations, if the n columns and expressions are specified
in the GROUP BY clause.
D. It produces n+1 possible superaggregate combinations, if the n columns and expressions are specified
in the GROUP BY clause.
Answer: C
107. Which statement is true regarding the SESSION_PRIVS dictionary view?
A. It contains the current object privileges available in the user session.
B. It contains the current system privileges available in the user session.
C. It contains the object privileges granted to other users by the current user session.
D. It contains the system privileges granted to other users by the current user session.
Answer: B
108. View the Exhibit and examine the details for the CATEGORIES_TAB table.
Evaluate the following incomplete SQL statement:
SELECT category_name,category_description
FROM categories_tab
You want to display only the rows that have 'harddisks' as part of the string in the
CATEGORY_DESCRIPTION column.
Which two WHERE clause options can give you the desired result? (Choose two.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 71
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. WHERE REGEXP_LIKE (category_description, 'hard+.s')?
B. WHERE REGEXP_LIKE (category_description, '^H|hard+.s')?
C. WHERE REGEXP_LIKE (category_description, '^H|hard+.s$')?
D. WHERE REGEXP_LIKE (category_description, '[^H|hard+.s]')?
Answer: AB
109. Which two statements are true regarding roles? (Choose two.)
A. A role can be granted to itself.
B. A role can be granted to PUBLIC.
C. A user can be granted only one role at any point of time.
D. The REVOKE command can be used to remove privileges but not roles from other users.
E. Roles are named groups of related privileges that can be granted to users or other roles.
Answer: BE
110. View the Exhibit and examine the data in the CUST_DET table.
You executed the following multitable INSERT statement:
INSERT FIRST
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 72
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
WHEN credit_limit >= 5000 THEN
INTO cust_1 VALUES(cust_id, credit_limit, grade, gender)
WHEN grade = THEN
INTO cust_2 VALUES(cust_id, credit_limit, grade, gender)
WHEN grade = THEN
INTO cust_3 VALUES(cust_id, credit_limit, grade, gender)
INTO cust_4 VALUES(cust_id, credit_limit, grade, gender)
ELSE
INTO cust_5 VALUES(cust_id, credit_limit, grade, gender)
SELECT * FROM cust_det?
The row will be inserted in _______.
A. CUST_1 table only because CREDIT_LIMIT condition is satisfied
B. CUST_1 and CUST_2 tables because CREDIT_LIMIT and GRADE conditions are satisfied
C. CUST_1,CUST_2 and CUST_5 tables because CREDIT_LIMIT and GRADE conditions are satisfied
but GENDER condition is not satisfied
D. CUST_1, CUST_2 and CUST_4 tables because CREDIT_LIMIT and GRADE conditions are satisfied
for CUST_1 and CUST_2, and CUST_4 has no condition on it
Answer: A
111. View the Exhibit and examine the data in the EMPLOYEES tables.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT employee_id, department_id
FROM employees
WHERE department_id= 50 ORDER BY department_id
UNION
SELECT employee_id, department_id
FROM employees
WHERE department_id= 90
UNION
SELECT employee_id, department_id
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 73
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
FROM employees
WHERE department_id= 10?
What would be the outcome of the above SQL statement?
A. The statement would execute successfully and display all the rows in the ascending order of
DEPARTMENT_ID.
B. The statement would execute successfully but it will ignore the ORDER BY clause and display the rows
in random order.
C. The statement would not execute because the positional notation instead of the column name should
be used with the ORDER BY clause.
D. The statement would not execute because the ORDER BY clause should appear only at the end of the
SQL statement, that is, in the last SELECT statement.
Answer: D
112. View the Exhibit and examine the details of the EMPLOYEES table.
Evaluate the following SQL statements:
Statement 1:
SELECT employee_id, last_name, job_id, manager_id
FROM employees
START WITH employee_id = 101
CONNECT BY PRIOR employee_id = manager_id AND manager_id != 108 ?
Statement 2:
SELECT employee_id, last_name, job_id, manager_id
FROM employees
WHERE manager_id != 108
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 74
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
START WITH employee_id = 101
CONNECT BY PRIOR employee_id = manager_id?
Which two statements are true regarding the above SQL statements? (Choose two.)
A. Statement 2 would not execute because the WHERE clause condition is not allowed in a statement that
has the START WITH clause.
B. The output for statement 1 would display the employee with MANAGER_ID 108 and all the employees
below him or her in the hierarchy.
C. The output of statement 1 would neither display the employee with MANAGER_ID 108 nor any
employee below him or her in the hierarchy.
D. The output for statement 2 would not display the employee with MANAGER_ID 108 but it would display
all the employees below him or her in the hierarchy.
Answer: CD
113. Evaluate the SQL statements:
CREATE TABLE new_order
(orderno NUMBER(4),
booking_date TIMESTAMP WITH LOCAL TIME ZONE)?
The database is located in San Francisco where the time zone is 8:
00.
The user is located in New York where the time zone is 5:
00.
A New York user inserts the following record:
INSERT INTO new_order
VALUES(1, TIMESTAMP ?0070510
6:00:00 5:
00?)?
Which statement is true?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 75
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. When the New York user selects the row, booking_date is displayed as '0070510
3.00.00.000000'
B. When the New York user selects the row, booking_date is displayed as '20070510
6.00.00.000000
5:
00'.
C. When the San Francisco user selects the row, booking_date is displayed as '0070510
3.00.00.000000'
D. When the San Francisco user selects the row, booking_date is displayed as '0070510
3.00.00.000000 8:
00'
Answer: C
114. Which statements are true? (Choose all that apply.)
A. The data dictionary is created and maintained by the database administrator.
B. The data dictionary views can consist of joins of dictionary base tables and userdefined
tables.
C. The usernames of all the users including the database administrators are stored in the data dictionary.
D. The USER_CONS_COLUMNS view should be queried to find the names of the columns to which a
constraint applies.
E. Both USER_OBJECTS and CAT views provide the same information about all the objects that are
owned by the user.
F. Views with the same name but different prefixes, such as DBA, ALL and USER, use the same base
tables from the data dictionary
Answer: CDF
115. View the Exhibit and examine the details of the PRODUCT_INFORMATION table.
You have the requirement to display PRODUCT_NAME and LIST_PRICE from the table where the
CATEGORY_ID column has values 12 or 13, and the SUPPLIER_ID column has the value 102088. You
executed the following SQL statement:
SELECT product_name, list_price
FROM product_information
WHERE (category_id = 12 AND category_id = 13) AND supplier_id = 102088?
Which statement is true regarding the execution of the query?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 76
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. It would execute but the output would return no rows.
B. It would execute and the output would display the desired result.
C. It would not execute because the entire WHERE clause condition is not enclosed within the
parentheses.
D. It would not execute because the same column has been used in both sides of the AND logical
operator to form the condition.
Answer: A
116. Given below is the list of meta character syntaxes and their descriptions in random order:
Meta character syntax Description
1) ^ a) Matches character not in the list
2) [^...] b) Matches character when it occurs at the beginning of a line
3) | c) Treats the subsequent meta character as a literal
4) \ d) Matches one of the characters such as the OR operator
Identify the option that correctly matches the meta character syntaxes with their descriptions.
A. 1b,
2a,
3d,
4c
B. 1a,
2b,
3d,
4c
C. 1d,
2b,
3a,
4c
D. 1b,
2c,
3d,
2a
Answer: A
117. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of ORDERS and CUSTOMERS tables.
Evaluate the following UPDATE statement:
UPDATE
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 77
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
(SELECT order_date, order_total, customer_id
FROM orders)
SET order_date = '22mar2007'
WHERE customer_id =
(SELECT customer_id
FROM customers
WHERE cust_last_name = 'Roberts' AND
credit_limit = 600)?
Which statement is true regarding the execution of the above UPDATE statement?
A. It would not execute because two tables cannot be used in a single UPDATE statement.
B. It would execute and restrict modifications to only the columns specified in the SELECT statement.
C. It would not execute because a subquery cannot be used in the WHERE clause of an UPDATE
statement.
D. It would not execute because the SELECT statement cannot be used in place of the table name.
Answer: B
118. Which statement correctly differentiates a system privilege from an object privilege?
A. System privileges can be granted only by the DBA whereas object privileges can be granted by DBAs
or the owner of the object.
B. System privileges give the rights to only create user schemas whereas object privileges give rights to
manipulate objects in a schema.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 78
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
C. Users require system privileges to gain access to the database whereas they require object privileges
to create objects in the database.
D. A system privilege is the right to perform specific activities in a database whereas an object privilege is
a right to perform activities on a specific object in the database.
Answer: D
119. View the Exhibit and examine the data in the PRODUCT_INFORMATION table.
Which two tasks would require subqueries? (Choose two.)
A. displaying the minimum list price for each product status
B. displaying all supplier IDs whose average list price is more than 500
C. displaying the number of products whose list prices are more than the average list price
D. displaying all the products whose minimum list prices are more than the average list price of products
having the product status orderable
E. displaying the total number of products supplied by supplier 102071 and having product status
OBSOLETE
Answer: CD
120. Which two statements are true regarding constraints? (Choose two.)
A. A foreign key cannot contain NULL values.
B. A column with the UNIQUE constraint can contain NULL.
C. A constraint is enforced only for the INSERT operation on a table.
D. A constraint can be disabled even if the constraint column contains data.
E. All the constraints can be defined at the column level as well as the table level.
Answer: BD
121. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the ORDER_ITEMS table.
The following SQL statement was written to retrieve the rows for the PRODUCT_ID that has a
UNIT_PRICE of more than 1,000 and has been ordered more than five times:
SELECT product_id, COUNT(order_id) total, unit_price
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 79
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
FROM order_items
WHERE unit_price>1000 AND COUNT(order_id)>5
GROUP BY product_id, unit_price?
Which statement is true regarding this SQL statement?
A. The statement would execute and give you the desired result.
B. The statement would not execute because the aggregate function is used in the WHERE clause.
C. The statement would not execute because the WHERE clause should have the OR logical operator
instead of AND.
D. The statement would not execute because in the SELECT clause, the UNIT_PRICE column is placed
after the column having the aggregate function.
Answer: B
122. Which two statements best describe the benefits of using the WITH clause? (Choose two.)
A. It enables users to store the results of a query permanently.
B. It enables users to store the query block permanently in the memory and use it to create complex
queries.
C. It enables users to reuse the same query block in a SELECT statement, if it occurs more than once in a
complex query.
D. It can improve the performance of a large query by storing the result of a query block having the WITH
clause in the user's temporary tablespace.
Answer: CD
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 80
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
123. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDERS and ORDER_ITEMS tables.
In the ORDERS table, ORDER_ID is the PRIMARY KEY and ORDER_DATE has the DEFAULT value as
SYSDATE.
Evaluate the following statement:
UPDATE orders
SET order_date=DEFAULT
WHERE order_id IN (SELECT order_id FROM order_items
WHERE qty IS NULL)?
What would be the outcome of the above statement?
A. The UPDATE statement would not work because the main query and the subquery use different tables.
B. The UPDATE statement would not work because the DEFAULT value can be used only in INSERT
statements.
C. The UPDATE statement would change all ORDER_DATE values to SYSDATE provided the current
ORDER_DATE is NOT NULL and QTY is NULL.
D. The UPDATE statement would change all the ORDER_DATE values to SYSDATE irrespective of what
the current ORDER_DATE value is for all orders where QTY is NULL.
Answer: D
124. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the EMPLOYEES table.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT employee_id, last_name, job_id, manager_id, LEVEL
FROM employees
START WITH employee_id = 101
CONNECT BY PRIOR employee_id=manager_id ?
Which two statements are true regarding the output of this command? (Choose two.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 81
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. The output would be in topdown
hierarchy starting with EMPLOYEE_ID having value 101.
B. The output would be in bottomup
hierarchy starting with EMPLOYEE_ID having value 101.
C. The LEVEL column displays the number of employees in the hierarchy under the employee having the
EMPLOYEE_ID 101.
D. The LEVEL column displays the level in the hierarchy at which the employee is placed under the
employee having the EMPLOYEE_ID 101.
Answer: AD
125. Which three statements are true regarding the WHERE and HAVING clauses in a SQL statement?
(Choose three.)
A. The HAVING clause conditions can have aggregate functions.
B. The HAVING clause conditions can use aliases for the columns.
C. WHERE and HAVING clauses cannot be used together in a SQL statement.
D. The WHERE clause is used to exclude rows before the grouping of data.
E. The HAVING clause is used to exclude one or more aggregated results after grouping data.
Answer: ADE
126. The first DROP operation is performed on PRODUCTS table using the following command:
DROP TABLE products PURGE?
Then you performed the FLASHBACK operation by using the following command:
FLASHBACK TABLE products TO BEFORE DROP?
Which statement describes the outcome of the FLASHBACK command?
A. It recovers only the table structure.
B. It recovers the table structure, data, and the indexes.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 82
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
C. It recovers the table structure and data but not the related indexes.
D. It is not possible to recover the table structure, data, or the related indexes.
Answer: D
127. Which statements are true regarding the usage of the WITH clause in complex correlated subqueries?
(Choose all that apply.)
A. It can be used only with the SELECT clause.
B. The WITH clause can hold more than one query.
C. If the query block name and the table name were the same, then the table name would take
precedence.
D. The query name in the WITH clause is visible to other query blocks in the WITH clause as well as to
the main query block.
Answer: ABD
128. Evaluate the following SQL statement:
CREATE INDEX upper_name_idx
ON product_information(UPPER(product_name))?
Which query would use the UPPER_NAME_IDX index?
A. SELECT UPPER(product_name)
FROM product_information
WHERE product_id = 2254?
B. SELECT UPPER(product_name)
FROM product_information?
C. SELECT product_id
FROM product_information
WHERE UPPER(product_name) IN ('LASERPRO', 'Cable')?
D. SELECT product_id, UPPER(product_name)
FROM product_information
WHERE UPPER(product_name)='LASERPRO' OR list_price > 1000?
Answer: C
129. Which three statements are true regarding group functions? (Choose three.)
A. They can be used on columns or expressions.
B. They can be passed as an argument to another group function.
C. They can be used only with a SQL statement that has the GROUP BY clause.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 83
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
D. They can be used on only one column in the SELECT clause of a SQL statement.
E. They can be used along with the singlerow
function in the SELECT clause of a SQL statement.
Answer: ABE
130. Which three statements are true regarding singlerow
functions? (Choose three.)
A. They can accept only one argument.
B. They can be nested up to only two levels.
C. They can return multiple values of more than one data type.
D. They can be used in SELECT, WHERE, and ORDER BY clauses.
E. They can modify the data type of the argument that is referenced.
F. They can accept a column name, expression, variable name, or a usersupplied
constant as
arguments.
Answer: DEF
131. Which view would you use to display the column names and DEFAULT values for a table?
A. DBA_TABLES
B. DBA_COLUMNS
C. USER_COLUMNS
D. USER_TAB_COLUMNS
Answer: D
132. View the Exhibit and examine the structure for the ORDERS and ORDER_ITEMS tables.
You want to display ORDER_ID, PRODUCT_ID, and TOTAL (UNIT_PRICE multiplied by QUANTITY) for
all the orders placed in the last seven days.
Which query would you execute?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 84
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. SELECT order_id, product_id, unit_price*quantity "TOTAL"
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
ON (o.order_id=oi.order_id)
WHERE o.order_date>=SYSDATE7?
B. SELECT o.order_id,oi.product_id, oi.unit_price*oi.quantity "TOTAL"
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
USING (order_id)
WHERE o.order_date>=SYSDATE7?
C. SELECT o.order_id, oi.product_id, oi.unit_price*oi.quantity "TOTAL"
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
WHERE o.order_date>=SYSDATE7
ON (o.order_id=oi.order_id)?
D. SELECT o.order_id, oi.product_id, oi.unit_price*oi.quantity "TOTAL"
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
ON (o.order_id=oi.order_id)
WHERE o.order_date>=SYSDATE7?
Answer: D
133. Which three statements are true? (Choose three.)
A. Only one LONG column can be used per table.
B. A TIMESTAMP data type column stores only time values with fractional seconds.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 85
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
C. The BLOB data type column is used to store binary data in an operating system file.
D. The minimum column width that can be specified for a varchar2 data type column is one.
E. The value for a CHAR data type column is blankpadded
to the maximum defined column width.
Answer: ADE
134. Which two statements are true regarding subqueries? (Choose two.)
A. Only two subqueries can be placed at one level.
B. A subquery can be used to access data from one or more tables or views.
C. If the subquery returns 0 rows, then the value returned by the subquery expression is NULL.
D. The columns in a subquery must always be qualified with the name or alias of the table used.
E. A subquery in the WHERE clause of a SELECT statement can be nested up to three levels only.
Answer: BC
135. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the PRODUCT_INFORMATION table.
SELECT product_name, list_price, min_price, list_price min_
price Difference
FROM product_information
Which options when used with the above SQL statement can produce the sorted output in ascending
order of the price difference between LIST_PRICE and MIN_PRICE? (Choose all that apply.)
A. ORDER BY 4
B. ORDER BY MIN_PRICE
C. ORDER BY DIFFERENCE
D. ORDER BY LIST_PRICE
E. ORDER BY LIST_PRICE MIN_
PRICE
Answer: ACE
136. Evaluate the following statement:
INSERT ALL
WHEN order_total < 10000 THEN
INTO small_orders
WHEN order_total > 10000 AND order_total < 20000 THEN
INTO medium_orders
WHEN order_total > 2000000 THEN
INTO large_orders
SELECT order_id, order_total, customer_id
FROM orders?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 86
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Which statement is true regarding the evaluation of rows returned by the subquery in the INSERT
statement?
A. They are evaluated by all the three WHEN clauses regardless of the results of the evaluation of any
other WHEN clause.
B. They are evaluated by the first WHEN clause. If the condition is true, then the row would be evaluated
by the subsequent WHEN clauses.
C. They are evaluated by the first WHEN clause. If the condition is false, then the row would be evaluated
by the subsequent WHEN clauses.
D. The INSERT statement would give an error because the ELSE clause is not present for support in case
none of the WHEN clauses are true.
Answer: A
137. Which three possible values can be set for the TIME_ZONE session parameter by using the ALTER
SESSION command? (Choose three.)
A. 'os'
B. local
C. '8:
00'
D. dbtimezone
E. 'Australia'
Answer: BCD
138. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDER_ITEMS table.
Examine the following SQL statement:
SELECT order_id, product_id, unit_price
FROM order_items
WHERE unit_price = (SELECT MAX(unit_price)
FROM order_items
GROUP BY order_id)?
You want to display the PRODUCT_ID of the product that has the highest UNIT_PRICE per ORDER_ID.
What correction should be made in the above SQL statement to achieve this?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 87
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. Replace = with the IN operator.
B. Replace = with the >ANY operator.
C. Replace = with the >ALL operator.
D. Remove the GROUP BY clause from the subquery and place it in the main query.
Answer: A
139. View the Exhibit and examine the table structure of DEPARTMENTS and LOCATIONS tables.
You want to display all the cities that have no departments and the departments that have not been
allocated cities.
Which type of join between DEPARTMENTS and LOCATIONS tables would produce this information as
part of its output?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 88
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. NATURAL JOIN
B. FULL OUTER JOIN
C. LEFT OUTER JOIN
D. RIGHT OUTER JOIN
Answer: B
140. View the Exhibit and examine the data in EMP and DEPT tables.
In the DEPT table, DEPTNO is the PRIMARY KEY.
In the EMP table, EMPNO is the PRIMARY KEY and DEPTNO is the FOREIGN KEY referencing the
DEPTNO column in the DEPT table.
What would be the outcome of the following statements executed in the given sequence?
DROP TABLE emp?
FLASHBACK TABLE emp TO BEFORE DROP?
INSERT INTO emp VALUES (2,COTT 10)?
INSERT INTO emp VALUES (3,ING 55)?
A. Both the INSERT statements would fail because all constraints are automatically retrieved when the
table is flashed back.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 89
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
B. Both the INSERT statements would succeed because none of the constraints on the table are
automatically retrieved when the table is flashed back.
C. Only the first INSERT statement would succeed because all the constraints except the primary key
constraint are automatically retrieved after a table is flashed back.
D. Only the second INSERT statement would succeed because all the constraints except referential
integrity constraints that reference other tables are retrieved automatically after the table is flashed back.
Answer: D
141. View the Exhibit and examine the descriptions for ORDERS and ORDER_ITEMS tables.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT o.customer_id, oi.product_id, SUM(oi.unit_price*oi.quantity) "Order Amount"
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
ON oi.order_id = o.order_id
GROUP BY CUBE (o.customer_id, oi.product_id)?
Which three statements are true regarding the output of this SQL statement? (Choose three.)
A. It would return the subtotals for the Order Amount of every CUSTOMER_ID.
B. It would return the subtotals for the Order Amount for every PRODUCT_ID.
C. It would return the subtotals for the Order Amount of every PRODUCT_ID and CUSTOMER_ID as one
group.
D. It would return the subtotals for the Order Amount of every CUSTOMER_ID and PRODUCT_ID as one
group.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 90
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
E. It would return only the grand total for the Order Amount of every CUSTOMER_ID and PRODUCT_ID
as one group.
Answer: ABD
142. In which scenario would you use the ROLLUP operator for expression or columns within a GROUP
BY clause?
A. to find the groups forming the subtotal in a row
B. to create groupwise
grand totals for the groups specified within a GROUP BY clause
C. to create a grouping for expressions or columns specified within a GROUP BY clause in one direction,
from right to left for calculating the subtotals
D. to create a grouping for expressions or columns specified within a GROUP BY clause in all possible
directions, which is crosstabular
report for calculating the subtotals
Answer: C
143. Which two statements are true regarding the GROUP BY clause in a SQL statement? (Choose two.)
A. You can use column alias in the GROUP BY clause.
B. Using the WHERE clause after the GROUP BY clause excludes the rows after creating groups.
C. The GROUP BY clause is mandatory if you are using an aggregate function in the SELECT clause.
D. Using the WHERE clause before the GROUP BY clause excludes the rows before creating groups.
E. If the SELECT clause has an aggregate function, then those individual columns without an aggregate
function in the SELECT clause should be included in the GROUP BY clause.
Answer: DE
144. View the Exhibit and examine the details of the EMPLOYEES table.
You want to generate a hierarchical report for all the employees who report to the employee whose
EMPLOYEE_ID is 100.
Which SQL clauses would you require to accomplish the task? (Choose all that apply.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 91
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. WHERE
B. HAVING
C. GROUP BY
D. START WITH
E. CONNECT BY
Answer: ADE
145. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the EMPLOYEES table.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT first_name, employee_id, NEXT_DAY(ADD_MONTHS(hire_date, 6), 1) "Review" FROM
employees?
The query was written to retrieve the FIRST_NAME, EMPLOYEE_ID, and review date for employees.
The review date is the first Monday after the completion of six months of the hiring. The
NLS_TERRITORY parameter is set to AMERICA in the session.
Which statement is true regarding this query?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 92
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. The query would execute to give the desired output.
B. The query would not execute because date functions cannot be nested.
C. The query would execute but the output would give review dates that are Sundays.
D. The query would not execute because the NEXT_DAY function accepts a string as argument.
Answer: C
146. Which statement correctly differentiates a system privilege from an object privilege?
A. System privileges can be granted only by the DBA whereas object privileges can be granted by DBAs
or the owner of the object.
B. System privileges give the rights to only create user schemas whereas object privileges give rights to
manipulate objects in a schema.
C. Users require system privileges to gain access to the database whereas they require object privileges
to create objects in the database.
D. A system privilege is the right to perform specific activities in a database whereas an object privilege is
a right to perform activities on a specific object in the database.
Answer: D
147. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the ORDERS table.
Your manager asked you to get the SALES_REP_ID and the total numbers of orders placed by each of
the sales representatives. Which statement would provide the desired result?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 93
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
A. SELECT sales_rep_id, COUNT(order_id) total_orders
FROM orders
GROUP BY sales_rep_id?
B. SELECT sales_rep_id, COUNT(order_id) total_orders
FROM orders
GROUP BY sales_rep_id, total_orders?
C. SELECT sales_rep_id, COUNT(order_id) total_orders
FROM orders?
D. SELECT sales_rep_id, COUNT(order_id) total_orders
FROM orders
WHERE sales_rep_id IS NOT NULL?
Answer: A
148. Which two statements are true regarding operators used with subqueries? (Choose two.)
A. The NOT IN operator is equivalent to IS NULL.
B. The <ANY operator means less than the maximum.
C. =ANY and =ALL operators have the same functionality.
D. The IN operator cannot be used in singlerow
subqueries.
E. The NOT operator can be used with IN, ANY and ALL operators.
Answer: BE
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 94
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
149. Which two statements are true regarding roles? (Choose two.)
A. A role can be granted to itself.
B. A role can be granted to PUBLIC.
C. A user can be granted only one role at any point of time.
D. The REVOKE command can be used to remove privileges but not roles from other users.
E. Roles are named groups of related privileges that can be granted to users or other roles.
Answer: BE
150. Which statements are true regarding the hierarchical query in Oracle Database 10g? (Choose all that
apply.)
A. It is possible to retrieve data only in topdown
hierarchy.
B. It is possible to retrieve data in topdown
or bottomup
hierarchy.
C. It is possible to remove an entire branch from the output of the hierarchical query.
D. You cannot specify conditions when you retrieve data by using a hierarchical query.
Answer: BC
151. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of ORDERS and CUSTOMERS tables.
Which INSERT statement should be used to add a row into the ORDERS table for the customer whose
CUST_LAST_NAME is Roberts and CREDIT_LIMIT is 600?
A. INSERT INTO orders
VALUES (1,'10mar2007',
'direct',
(SELECT customer_id
FROM customers
WHERE cust_last_name='Roberts' AND
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 95
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
credit_limit=600), 1000)?
B. INSERT INTO orders (order_id,order_date,order_mode,
(SELECT customer_id
FROM customers
WHERE cust_last_name='Roberts' AND
credit_limit=600),order_total)
VALUES(1,'10mar2007',
'direct', &&customer_id, 1000)?
C. INSERT INTO orders (order_id,order_date,order_mode,
(SELECT customer_id
FROM customers
WHERE cust_last_name='Roberts' AND
credit_limit=600),order_total)
VALUES(1,'10mar2007',
'direct', &customer_id, 1000)?
D. INSERT INTO(SELECT o.order_id, o.order_date,o.order_mode,c.customer_id, o.order_total
FROM orders o, customers c
WHERE o.customer_id = c.customer_id
AND c.cust_last_name='Roberts' ANDc.credit_limit=600 )
VALUES (1,'10mar2007',
'direct',(SELECT customer_id
FROM customers
WHERE cust_last_name='Roberts' AND
credit_limit=600), 1000)?
Answer: A
152. Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT product_name || 'it's not available for order'
FROM product_information
WHERE product_status = 'obsolete'?
You received the following error while executing the above query:
ERROR:
ORA01756:
quoted string not properly terminated
What would you do to execute the query successfully?
A. Enclose the character literal string in the SELECT clause within the double quotation marks.
B. Do not enclose the character literal string in the SELECT clause within the single quotation marks.
C. Use Quote (q) operator and delimiter to allow the use of single quotation mark in the literal character
string.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 96
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
D. Use escape character to negate the single quotation mark inside the literal character string in the
SELECT clause.
Answer: C
153. Which statement correctly grants a system privilege?
A. GRANT EXECUTE
ON proc1
TO PUBLIC?
B. GRANT CREATE VIEW
ON table1 TO
user1?
C. GRANT CREATE TABLE
TO user1,user2?
D. GRANT CREATE SESSION
TO ALL?
Answer: C
154. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of EMPLOYEES and JOB_HISTORY tables.
The EMPLOYEES table maintains the most recent information regarding salary, department, and job for
all the employees. The JOB_HISTORY table maintains the record for all the job changes for the
employees. You want to delete all the records from the JOB_HISTORY table that are repeated in the
EMPLOYEES table.
Which two SQL statements can you execute to accomplish the task? (Choose two.)
A. DELETE
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 97
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
FROM job_history j
WHERE employee_id =
(SELECT employee_id
FROM employees e
WHERE j.employee_id = e.employee_id)
AND job_id = (SELECT job_id
FROM employees e
WHERE j.job_id = e.job_id)?
B. DELETE
FROM job_history j
WHERE (employee_id, job_id) = ALL
(SELECT employee_id, job_id
FROM employees e
WHERE j.employee_id = e.employee_id and j.job_id = e.job_id )
C. DELETE
FROM job_history j
WHERE employee_id =
(SELECT employee_id
FROM employees e
WHERE j.employee_id = e.employee_id and j.job_id = e.job_id )
D. DELETE
FROM job_history j
WHERE (employee_id, job_id) =
(SELECT employee_id, job_id
FROM employees e
WHERE j.employee_id = e.employee_id and j.job_id = e.job_id )
Answer: CD
155. Which statement best describes the GROUPING function?
A. It is used to set the order for the groups to be used for calculating the grand totals and subtotals.
B. It is used to form various groups to calculate total and subtotals created using ROLLUP and CUBE
operators.
C. It is used to identify if the NULL value in an expression is a stored NULL value or created by ROLLUP
or CUBE.
D. It is used to specify the concatenated group expressions to be used for calculating the grand totals and
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 98
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
subtotals.
Answer: C
156. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDERS table. The ORDER_ID column is the
PRIMARY KEY in the ORDERS table.
Evaluate the following CREATE TABLE command:
CREATE TABLE new_orders(ord_id, ord_date DEFAULT SYSDATE, cust_id)
AS
SELECT order_id,order_date,customer_id
FROM orders?
Which statement is true regarding the above command?
A. The NEW_ORDERS table would not get created because the DEFAULT value cannot be specified in
the column definition.
B. The NEW_ORDERS table would get created and only the NOT NULL constraint defined on the
specified columns would be passed to the new table.
C. The NEW_ORDERS table would not get created because the column names in the CREATE TABLE
command and the SELECT clause do not match.
D. The NEW_ORDERS table would get created and all the constraints defined on the specified columns
in the ORDERS table would be passed to the new table.
Answer: B
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 99
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
157. Evaluate the following expression using meta character for regular expression:
'[^Ale|ax.r$]'
Which two matches would be returned by this expression? (Choose two.)
A. Alex
B. Alax
C. Alxer
D. Alaxendar
E. Alexender
Answer: DE
158. The first DROP operation is performed on PRODUCTS table using the following command:
DROP TABLE products PURGE?
Then you performed the FLASHBACK operation by using the following command:
FLASHBACK TABLE products TO BEFORE DROP?
Which statement describes the outcome of the FLASHBACK command?
A. It recovers only the table structure.
B. It recovers the table structure, data, and the indexes.
C. It recovers the table structure and data but not the related indexes.
D. It is not possible to recover the table structure, data, or the related indexes.
Answer: D
159. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDERS and ORDER_ITEMS tables.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT oi.order_id, product_id, order_date
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
USING(order_id)?
Which statement is true regarding the execution of this SQL statement?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 100
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. The statement would not execute because table aliases are not allowed in the JOIN clause.
B. The statement would not execute because the table alias prefix is not used in the USING clause.
C. The statement would not execute because all the columns in the SELECT clause are not prefixed with
table aliases.
D. The statement would not execute because the column part of the USING clause cannot have a
qualifier in the SELECT list.
Answer: D
160. Which statement is true regarding synonyms?
A. Synonyms can be created for tables but not views.
B. Synonyms are used to reference only those tables that are owned by another user.
C. A public synonym and a private synonym can exist with the same name for the same table.
D. The DROP SYNONYM statement removes the synonym, and the status of the table on which the
synonym has been created becomes invalid.
Answer: C
161. View the Exhibit and examine the data in EMPLOYEES and DEPARTMENTS tables. In the
EMPLOYEES table EMPLOYEE_ID is the PRIMARY KEY and DEPARTMENT_ID is the FOREIGN KEY.
In the DEPARTMENTS table DEPARTMENT_ID is the PRIMARY KEY.
Evaluate the following UPDATE statement:
UPDATE employees a
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 101
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
SET department_id =
(SELECT department_id
FROM departments
WHERE location_id = '2100'),
(salary, commission_pct) =
(SELECT 1.1*AVG(salary), 1.5*AVG(commission_pct)
FROM employees b
WHERE a.department_id = b.department_id)
WHERE first_name||' '||last_name = 'Amit Banda'?
What would be the outcome of the above statement?
A. It would execute successfully and update the relevant data.
B. It would not execute successfully because there is no LOCATION_ID 2100 in the DEPARTMENTS
table.
C. It would not execute successfully because the condition specified with the concatenation operator is
not valid.
D. It would not execute successfully because multiple columns (SALARY,COMMISSION_PCT)cannot be
used in an UPDATE statement.
Answer: A
162. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the EMPLOYEES table.
You want to know the EMPLOYEE_ID and FIRST_NAME of all the records in the EMPLOYEES table
wherein the JOB_ID column has ST_CLERK or ST_MAN values, the DEPARTMENT_ID column has
value 30, and the SALARY column has a value greater than 3,000.
Which SQL statement would get you the desired result?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 102
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. SELECT employee_id, first_name
FROM employees
WHERE job_id like 'MAN%' OR job_id like 'CLERK%'
AND department_id = 30 AND salary > 3000?
B. SELECT employee_id, first_name
FROM employees
WHERE job_id like '%MAN' OR job_id like '%CLERK'
AND (department_id = 30 OR salary > 3000)?
C. SELECT employee_id, first_name
FROM employees
WHERE (job_id like '%MAN' AND job_id like '%CLERK')
AND department_id = 30 OR salary > 3000?
D. SELECT employee_id, first_name
FROM employees
WHERE (job_id like '%MAN' OR job_id like '%CLERK' )
AND department_id = 30 AND salary > 3000?
Answer: D
163. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of ORD and ORD_ITEMS tables.
In the ORD table, the PRIMARY KEY is ORD_NO and in the ORD_ITEMS tables the composite
PRIMARY KEY is (ORD_NO, ITEM_NO).
Which two CREATE INDEX statements are valid? (Choose two.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 103
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. CREATE INDEX ord_idx
ON ord(ord_no)?
B. CREATE INDEX ord_idx
ON ord_items(ord_no)?
C. CREATE INDEX ord_idx
ON ord_items(item_no)?
D. CREATE INDEX ord_idx
ON ord,ord_items(ord_no, ord_date,qty)?
Answer: BC
164. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the LOCATIONS and DEPARTMENTS tables.
Which SET operator should be used in the blank space in the following SQL statement to display the cities
that have departments located in them?
SELECT location_id, city
FROM locations
____
SELECT location_id, city
FROM locations JOIN departments
USING(location_id)?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 104
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. UNION
B. MINUS
C. INTERSECT
D. UNION ALL
Answer: C
165. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDERS table.
The ORDERS table belongs to the user OE. HR is another user in the database.
Evaluate the commands issued by users OE and HR in the following order:
Statement 1 by user OE: GRANT SELECT,
UPDATE(customer_id, order_total)
ON orders
TO hr?
Statement 1 by user HR: SELECT * FROM oe.orders?
Statement 2 by user HR: UPDATE oe.orders
SET order_total= 10000?
Which statement is true regarding the above commands?
A. Statement 1 by user OE would not work because the statement has to be issued by the DBA.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 105
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
B. Statement 2 by user HR would not work because the grant is only for SELECT in a subquery of update.
C. There are no errors in the statements issued by OE and HR? all the statements would execute
successfully.
D. Statement 1 by user HR would not work because SELECT and UPDATE privileges have been granted
only on CUSTOMER_ID and ORDER_TOTAL columns.
Answer: C
166. Evaluate the following SQL statements that are issued in the given order:
CREATE TABLE emp
(emp_no NUMBER(2) CONSTRAINT emp_emp_no_pk PRIMARY KEY,
ename VARCHAR2(15),
salary NUMBER(8,2),
mgr_no NUMBER(2) CONSTRAINT emp_mgr_fk REFERENCES emp)?
ALTER TABLE emp
DISABLE CONSTRAINT emp_emp_no_pk CASCADE?
ALTER TABLE emp
ENABLE CONSTRAINT emp_emp_no_pk?
What would be the status of the foreign key EMP_MGR_FK?
A. It would be automatically enabled and deferred.
B. It would be automatically enabled and immediate.
C. It would remain disabled and has to be enabled manually using the ALTER TABLE command.
D. It would remain disabled and can be enabled only by dropping the foreign key constraint and
recreating
it.
Answer: C
167. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the ORDERS table.
You need to display CUSTOMER_ID for all customers who have placed orders more than three times in
the last six months. You issued the following SQL statement:
SELECT customer_id,COUNT(order_id)
FROM orders
WHERE COUNT(order_id)>3 AND
order_date BETWEEN ADD_MONTHS(SYSDATE,6)
AND SYSDATE
GROUP BY customer_id?
Which statement is true regarding the execution of the above statement?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 106
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. It would execute successfully and provide the desired result.
B. It would not execute because the WHERE clause cannot have an aggregate function.
C. It would not execute because the ORDER_ID column is not included in the GROUP BY clause.
D. It would not execute because the GROUP BY clause should be placed before the WHERE clause.
Answer: B
168. Given below are the SQL statements executed in a user session:
CREATE TABLE product
(pcode NUMBER(2),
pname VARCHAR2(10))?
INSERT INTO product VALUES(1, 'pen')?
INSERT INTO product VALUES (2,'pencil')?
SAVEPOINT a?
UPDATE product SET pcode = 10 WHERE pcode = 1?
SAVEPOINT b?
DELETE FROM product WHERE pcode = 2?
COMMIT?
DELETE FROM product WHERE pcode=10?
ROLLBACK TO SAVEPOINT a?
Which statement describes the consequences?
A. No SQL statement would be rolled back.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 107
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
B. Both the DELETE statements would be rolled back.
C. Only the second DELETE statement would be rolled back.
D. Both the DELETE statements and the UPDATE statement would be rolled back.
Answer: A
169. Evaluate the following SQL statement:
ALTER TABLE hr.emp
SET UNUSED (mgr_id)?
Which statement is true regarding the effect of the above SQL statement?
A. Any synonym existing on the EMP table would have to be recreated.
B. Any constraints defined on the MGR_ID column would be removed by the above command.
C. Any views created on the EMP table that include the MGR_ID column would have to be dropped and
recreated.
D. Any index created on the MGR_ID column would continue to exist until the DROP UNUSED
COLUMNS command is executed.
Answer: B
170. The details of the order ID, order date, order total, and customer ID are obtained from the ORDERS
table. If the order value is more than 30000, the details have to be added to the LARGE_ORDERS table.
The order ID, order date, and order total should be added to the ORDER_HISTORY table, and order ID
and customer ID should be added to the CUST_HISTORY table. Which multitable INSERT statement
would you use?
A. Pivoting INSERT
B. Unconditional INSERT
C. Conditional ALL INSERT
D. Conditional FIRST INSERT
Answer: C
171. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the EMPLOYEES table.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT employee_id, last_name, job_id, manager_id
FROM employees
START WITH employee_id = 101
CONNECT BY PRIOR employee_id=manager_id?
Which statement is true regarding the output for this command?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 108
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. It would return a hierarchical output starting with the employee whose EMPLOYEE_ID is 101, followed
by his or her peers.
B. It would return a hierarchical output starting with the employee whose EMPLOYEE_ID is 101, followed
by the employee to whom he or she reports.
C. It would return a hierarchical output starting with the employee whose EMPLOYEE_ID is 101,
followed by employees below him or her in the hierarchy.
D. It would return a hierarchical output starting with the employee whose EMPLOYEE_ID is101, followed
by employees up to one level below him or her in the hierarchy.
Answer: C
172. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDERS table.
NEW_ORDERS is a new table with the columns ORD_ID, ORD_DATE, CUST_ID, and ORD_TOTAL that
have the same data types and size as the corresponding columns in the ORDERS table.
Evaluate the following INSERT statement:
INSERT INTO new_orders (ord_id, ord_date, cust_id, ord_total)
VALUES(SELECT order_id,order_date,customer_id,order_total
FROM orders
WHERE order_date > '31dec1999')
?
Why would the INSERT statement fail?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 109
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. because column names in NEW_ORDERS and ORDERS tables do not match
B. because the VALUES clause cannot be used in an INSERT with a subquery
C. because the WHERE clause cannot be used in a subquery embedded in an INSERT statement
D. because the total number of columns in the NEW_ORDERS table does not match the total number of
columns in the ORDERS table
Answer: B
173. View the Exhibit1 and examine the descriptions of the EMPLOYEES and DEPARTMENTS tables.
The following SQL statement was executed:
SELECT e.department_id, e.job_id, d.location_id, sum(e.salary) total,
GROUPING(e.department_id) GRP_DEPT,
GROUPING(e.job_id) GRP_JOB,
GROUPING(d.location_id) GRP_LOC
FROM employees e JOIN departments d
ON e.department_id = d.department_id
GROUP BY ROLLUP (e.department_id, e.job_id, d.location_id)?
View the Exhibit2 and examine the output of the command.
Which two statements are true regarding the output? (Choose two.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 110
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. The value 1 in GRP_LOC means that the LOCATION_ID column is taken into account to generate the
subtotal.
B. The value 1 in GRP_JOB and GRP_LOC means that JOB_ID and LOCATION_ID columns are not
taken into account to generate the subtotal.
C. The value 1 in GRP_JOB and GRP_LOC means that the NULL value in JOB_ID and LOCATION_ID
columns are taken into account to generate the subtotal.
D. The value 0 in GRP_DEPT, GRP_JOB, and GRP_LOC means that DEPARTMENT_ID, JOB_ID, and
LOCATION_ID columns are taken into account to generate the subtotal.
Answer: BD
174. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of ORDERS and CUSTOMERS tables.
Evaluate the following UPDATE statement:
UPDATE
(SELECT order_date, order_total, customer_id
FROM orders)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 111
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
SET order_date = '22mar2007'
WHERE customer_id =
(SELECT customer_id
FROM customers
WHERE cust_last_name = 'Roberts' AND
credit_limit = 600)?
Which statement is true regarding the execution of the above UPDATE statement?
A. It would not execute because two tables cannot be used in a single UPDATE statement.
B. It would execute and restrict modifications to only the columns specified in the SELECT statement.
C. It would not execute because a subquery cannot be used in the WHERE clause of an UPDATE
statement.
D. It would not execute because the SELECT statement cannot be used in place of the table name.
Answer: B
175. View the Exhibit and examine the data in the PRODUCTS table.
Which statement would add a column called PRICE, which cannot contain NULL?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 112
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. ALTER TABLE products
ADD price NUMBER(8,2) NOT NULL?
B. ALTER TABLE products
ADD price NUMBER(8,2) DEFAULT NOT NULL?
C. ALTER TABLE products
ADD price NUMBER(8,2) DEFAULT 0 NOT NULL?
D. ALTER TABLE products
ADD price NUMBER(8,2) DEFAULT CONSTRAINT p_nn NOT NULL?
Answer: C
176. Which three possible values can be set for the TIME_ZONE session parameter by using the ALTER
SESSION command? (Choose three.)
A. 'os'
B. local
C. '8:
00'
D. dbtimezone
E. 'Australia'
Answer: BCD
177. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORD table.
Evaluate the following SQL statements that are executed in a user session in the specified order:
CREATE SEQUENCE ord_seq?
SELECT ord_seq.nextval
FROM dual?
INSERT INTO ord
VALUES (ord_seq.CURRVAL, '25jan2007',
101)?
UPDATE ord
SET ord_no= ord_seq.NEXTVAL
WHERE cust_id =101?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 113
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
What would be the outcome of the above statements?
A. All the statements would execute successfully and the ORD_NO column would contain the value 2 for
the CUST_ID 101.
B. The CREATE SEQUENCE command would not execute because the minimum value and maximum
value for the sequence have not been specified.
C. The CREATE SEQUENCE command would not execute because the starting value of the sequence
and the increment value have not been specified.
D. All the statements would execute successfully and the ORD_NO column would have the value 20 for
the CUST_ID 101 because the default CACHE value is 20.
Answer: A
178. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the PRODUCT_INFORMATION table.
SELECT product_name, list_price, min_price, list_price min_
price Difference
FROM product_information
Which options when used with the above SQL statement can produce the sorted output in ascending
order of the price difference between LIST_PRICE and MIN_PRICE? (Choose all that apply.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 114
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. ORDER BY 4
B. ORDER BY MIN_PRICE
C. ORDER BY DIFFERENCE
D. ORDER BY LIST_PRICE
E. ORDER BY LIST_PRICE MIN_
PRICE
Answer: ACE
179. Which two statements best describe the benefits of using the WITH clause? (Choose two.)
A. It enables users to store the results of a query permanently.
B. It enables users to store the query block permanently in the memory and use it to create complex
queries.
C. It enables users to reuse the same query block in a SELECT statement, if it occurs more than once in a
complex query.
D. It can improve the performance of a large query by storing the result of a query block having the WITH
clause in the user's temporary tablespace.
Answer: CD
180. ORD is a private synonym for the OE.ORDERS table.
The user OE issues the following command:
DROP SYNONYM ord?
Which statement is true regarding the above SQL statement?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 115
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. Only the synonym would be dropped.
B. The synonym would be dropped and the corresponding table would become invalid.
C. The synonym would be dropped and the packages referring to the synonym would be dropped.
D. The synonym would be dropped and any PUBLIC synonym with the same name becomes invalid.
Answer: A
181. Given below is the list of meta character syntaxes and their descriptions in random order:
Meta character syntax Description
1) ^ a) Matches character not in the list
2) [^...] b) Matches character when it occurs at the beginning of a line
3) | c) Treats the subsequent meta character as a literal
4) \ d) Matches one of the characters such as the OR operator
Identify the option that correctly matches the meta character syntaxes with their descriptions.
A. 1b,
2a,
3d,
4c
B. 1a,
2b,
3d,
4c
C. 1d,
2b,
3a,
4c
D. 1b,
2c,
3d,
2a
Answer: A
182. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDERS table.
Which task would require subqueries?
A. displaying the total order value for sales representatives 161 and 163
B. displaying the order total for sales representative 161 in the year 1999
C. displaying the number of orders that have order mode online and order date in 1999
D. displaying the number of orders whose order total is more than the average order total for all online
orders
Answer: D
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 116
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
183. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the EMP table which is not partitioned and not an
indexorganized
table.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
ALTER TABLE emp
DROP COLUMN first_name?
Which two statements are true regarding the above command? (Choose two.)
A. The FIRST_NAME column would be dropped provided it does not contain any data.
B. The FIRST_NAME column would be dropped provided at least one or more columns remain in the
table.
C. The FIRST_NAME column can be rolled back provided the SET UNUSED option is added to the above
SQL statement.
D. The FIRST_NAME column can be dropped even if it is part of a composite PRIMARY KEY provided
the CASCADE option is used.
Answer: BD
184. View the Exhibit and examine the table structure of DEPARTMENTS and LOCATIONS tables.
You want to display all the cities that have no departments and the departments that have not been
allocated cities.
Which type of join between DEPARTMENTS and LOCATIONS tables would produce this information as
part of its output?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 117
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. NATURAL JOIN
B. FULL OUTER JOIN
C. LEFT OUTER JOIN
D. RIGHT OUTER JOIN
Answer: B
185. View the Exhibit and examine the ORDERS table.
The ORDERS table contains data and all orders have been assigned a customer ID. Which statement
would add a NOT NULL constraint to the CUSTOMER_ID column?
A. ALTER TABLE orders
ADD CONSTRAINT orders_cust_id_nn NOT NULL (customer_id)?
B. ALTER TABLE orders
MODIFY customer_id CONSTRAINT orders_cust_id_nn NOT NULL?
C. ALTER TABLE orders
MODIFY CONSTRAINT orders_cust_id_nn NOT NULL (customer_id)?
D. ALTER TABLE orders
ADD customer_id NUMBER(6)CONSTRAINT orders_cust_id_nn NOT NULL?
Answer: B
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 118
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
186. Which statement is true regarding the CUBE operator in the GROUP BY clause of a SQL statement?
A. It produces only aggregates for the groups specified in the GROUP BY clause.
B. It finds all the NULL values in the superaggregates for the groups specified in the GROUP BY clause.
C. It produces 2 n possible superaggregate combinations, if the n columns and expressions are specified
in the GROUP BY clause.
D. It produces n+1 possible superaggregate combinations, if the n columns and expressions are specified
in the GROUP BY clause.
Answer: C
187. View the Exhibit and examine the details of the EMPLOYEES table.
Evaluate the following SQL statements:
Statement 1:
SELECT employee_id, last_name, job_id,
manager_id FROM employees
START WITH employee_id = 101
CONNECT BY PRIOR employee_id = manager_id AND manager_id != 108 ?
Statement 2:
SELECT employee_id, last_name, job_id, manager_id
FROM employees
WHERE manager_id != 108
START WITH employee_id = 101
CONNECT BY PRIOR employee_id = manager_id?
Which two statements are true regarding the above SQL statements? (Choose two.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 119
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. Statement 2 would not execute because the WHERE clause condition is not allowed in a statement that
has the START WITH clause.
B. The output for statement 1 would display the employee with MANAGER_ID 108 and all the employees
below him or her in the hierarchy.
C. The output of statement 1 would neither display the employee with MANAGER_ID 108 nor any
employee below him or her in the hierarchy.
D. The output for statement 2 would not display the employee with MANAGER_ID 108 but it would display
all the employees below him or her in the hierarchy.
Answer: CD
188. Evaluate the following command:
CREATE TABLE employees
(employee_id NUMBER(2) PRIMARY KEY,
last_name VARCHAR2(25) NOT NULL,
department_id NUMBER(2),
job_id VARCHAR2(8),
salary NUMBER(10,2))?
You issue the following command to create a view that displays the IDs and last names of the sales staff
in the organization:
CREATE OR REPLACE VIEW sales_staff_vu AS
SELECT employee_id, last_name,job_id
FROM employees
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 120
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
WHERE job_id LIKE 'SA_%'
WITH CHECK OPTION?
Which statements are true regarding the above view? (Choose all that apply.)
A. It allows you to insert details of all new staff into the EMPLOYEES table.
B. It allows you to delete the details of the existing sales staff from the EMPLOYEES table.
C. It allows you to update the job ids of the existing sales staff to any other job id in the EMPLOYEES
table.
D. It allows you to insert the IDs, last names and job ids of the sales staff from the view if it is used in
multitable INSERT statements.
Answer: BD
189. Which statements are correct regarding indexes? (Choose all that apply.)
A. When a table is dropped, the corresponding indexes are automatically dropped.
B. For each DML operation performed, the corresponding indexes are automatically updated.
C. Indexes should be created on columns that are frequently referenced as part of an expression.
D. A nondeferrable
PRIMARY KEY or UNIQUE KEY constraint in a table automatically creates a unique
index.
Answer: ABD
190. Which SQL statement would display the view names and definitions of all the views owned by you?
A. SELECT view_name, text
FROM user_view?
B. SELECT view_name, text
FROM user_object ?
C. SELECT view_name, text
FROM user_objects?
D. SELECT view_name, text
FROM user_views?
Answer: D
191. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the EMPLOYEES table.
You want to know the FIRST_NAME and SALARY for all employees who have the same manager as that
of the employee with the first name 'Neena' and have salary equal to or greater than that of 'Neena'.
Which SQL statement would give you the desired result?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 121
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. SELECT first_name, salary
FROM employees
WHERE (manager_id, salary) >= ALL (SELECT manager_id, salary
FROM employees
WHERE first_name = 'Neena' )
AND first_name <> 'Neena'?
B. SELECT first_name, salary
FROM employees
WHERE (manager_id, salary) >= (SELECT manager_id, salary
FROM employees
WHERE first_name = 'Neena' )
AND first_name <> 'Neena'?
C. SELECT first_name, salary
FROM employees
WHERE (manager_id, salary) >= ANY (SELECT manager_id, salary
FROM employees
WHERE first_name = 'Neena' )
AND first_name <> 'Neena'?
D. SELECT first_name, salary
FROM employees
WHERE ( manager_id = (SELECT manager_id
FROM employees
WHERE first_name = 'Neena' )
AND salary >= ( SELECT salary
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 122
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
FROM employees
WHERE first_name = 'Neena' ) )
AND first_name <> 'Neena'?
Answer: D
192. Which CREATE TABLE statement is valid?
A. CREATE TABLE ord_details
(ord_no NUMBER(2) PRIMARY KEY,
item_no NUMBER(3) PRIMARY KEY,
ord_date date NOT NULL)?
B. CREATE TABLE ord_details
(ord_no NUMBER(2) UNIQUE, NOT NULL,
item_no NUMBER(3),
ord_date date DEFAULT SYSDATE NOT NULL)?
C. CREATE TABLE ord_details
(ord_no NUMBER(2) ,
item_no NUMBER(3),
ord_date date DEFAULT NOT NULL,
CONSTRAINT ord_uq UNIQUE (ord_no),
CONSTRAINT ord_pk PRIMARY KEY (ord_no))?
D. CREATE TABLE ord_details
(ord_no NUMBER(2),
item_no NUMBER(3),
ord_date date DEFAULT SYSDATE NOT NULL,
CONSTRAINT ord_pk PRIMARY KEY (ord_no, item_no))?
Answer: D
193. View the Exhibit and examine PRODUCTS and ORDER_ITEMS tables.
You executed the following query to display PRODUCT_NAME and the number of times the product has
been ordered:
SELECT p.product_name, i.item_cnt
FROM (SELECT product_id, COUNT (*) item_cnt
FROM order_items
GROUP BY product_id) i RIGHT OUTER JOIN products p
ON i.product_id = p.product_id?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 123
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
What would happen when the above statement is executed?
A. The statement would execute successfully to produce the required output.
B. The statement would not execute because inline views and outer joins cannot be used together.
C. The statement would not execute because the ITEM_CNT alias cannot be displayed in the outer query.
D. The statement would not execute because the GROUP BY clause cannot be used in the inline view.
Answer: A
194. Evaluate the following CREATE TABLE command:
CREATE TABLE order_item
(order_id NUMBER(3),
item_id NUMBER(2),
qty NUMBER(4),
CONSTRAINT ord_itm_id_pk
PRIMARY KEY (order_id,item_id)
USING INDEX
(CREATE INDEX ord_itm_idx
ON order_item(order_id,item_id)))?
Which statement is true regarding the above SQL statement?
A. It would execute successfully and only ORD_ITM_IDX index would be created.
B. It would give an error because the USING INDEX clause cannot be used on a composite primary key.
C. It would execute successfully and two indexes ORD_ITM_IDX and ORD_ITM_ID_PK would be
created.
D. It would give an error because the USING INDEX clause is not permitted in the CREATE TABLE
command.
Answer: A
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 124
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
195. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of ORDERS and ORDER_ITEMS tables.
ORDER_ID is the primary key in the ORDERS table. It is also the foreign key in the ORDER_ITEMS table
wherein it is created with the ON DELETE CASCADE option.
Which DELETE statement would execute successfully?
A. DELETE order_id
FROM orders
WHERE order_total < 1000?
B. DELETE orders
WHERE order_total < 1000?
C. DELETE
FROM orders
WHERE (SELECT order_id
FROM order_items)?
D. DELETE orders o, order_items i
WHERE o.order_id = i.order_id?
Answer: B
196. Which statements are true regarding the usage of the WITH clause in complex correlated subqueries?
(Choose all that apply.)
A. It can be used only with the SELECT clause.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 125
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
B. The WITH clause can hold more than one query.
C. If the query block name and the table name were the same, then the table name would take
precedence.
D. The query name in the WITH clause is visible to other query blocks in the WITH clause as well as to
the main query block.
Answer: ABD
197. Which two statements are true about the GROUPING function? (Choose two.)
A. It is used to find the groups forming the subtotal in a row.
B. It is used to identify the NULL value in the aggregate functions.
C. It is used to form the group sets involved in generating the totals and subtotals.
D. It can only be used with ROLLUP and CUBE operators specified in the GROUP BY clause.
Answer: AD
198. OE and SCOTT are the users in the database. The ORDERS table is owned by OE. Evaluate the
statements issued by the DBA in the following sequence:
CREATE ROLE r1?
GRANT SELECT, INSERT ON oe.orders TO r1?
GRANT r1 TO scott?
GRANT SELECT ON oe.orders TO scott?
REVOKE SELECT ON oe.orders FROM scott?
What would be the outcome after executing the statements?
A. SCOTT would be able to query the OE.ORDERS table.
B. SCOTT would not be able to query the OE.ORDERS table.
C. The REVOKE statement would remove the SELECT privilege from SCOTT as well as from the role R1.
D. The REVOKE statement would give an error because the SELECT privilege has been granted to the
role R1.
Answer: A
199. Evaluate the following CREATE SEQUENCE statement:
CREATE SEQUENCE seq1
START WITH 100
INCREMENT BY 10
MAXVALUE 200
CYCLE
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 126
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
NOCACHE?
The sequence SEQ1 has generated numbers up to the maximum limit of 200. You issue the following
SQL statement:
SELECT seq1.nextval FROM dual?
What is displayed by the SELECT statement?
A. 1
B. 10
C. 100
D. an error
Answer: A
200. SCOTT is a user in the database.
Evaluate the commands issued by the DBA:
1 CREATE
ROLE mgr?
2 GRANT
CREATE TABLE, SELECT
ON oe.orders
TO mgr?
3 GRANT
mgr, create table TO SCOTT?
Which statement is true regarding the execution of the above commands?
A. Statement 1 would not execute because the WITH GRANT option is missing.
B. Statement 1 would not execute because the IDENTIFIED BY <password> clause is missing.
C. Statement 3 would not execute because role and system privileges cannot be granted together in a
single GRANT statement.
D. Statement 2 would not execute because system privileges and object privileges cannot be granted
together in a single GRANT command.
Answer: D
201. Evaluate the CREATE TABLE statement:
CREATE TABLE products
(product_id NUMBER(6) CONSTRAINT prod_id_pk PRIMARY KEY,
product_name VARCHAR2(15))?
Which statement is true regarding the PROD_ID_PK constraint?
A. It would be created only if a unique index is manually created first.
B. It would be created and would use an automatically created unique index.
C. It would be created and would use an automatically created nonunique index.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 127
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
D. It would be created and remains in a disabled state because no index is specified in the command.
Answer: B
202. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDER_ITEMS table.
You need to display the ORDER_ID of the order that has the highest total value among all the orders in
the ORDER_ITEMS table.
Which query would produce the desired output?
A. SELECT order_id
FROM order_items
WHERE(unit_price*quantity) = MAX(unit_price*quantity)
GROUP BY order_id?
B. SELECT order_id
FROM order_items
WHERE(unit_price*quantity) = (SELECT MAX(unit_price*quantity)
FROM order_items)
GROUP BY order_id?
C. SELECT order_id
FROM order_items
WHERE (unit_price*quantity) = (SELECT MAX(unit_price*quantity)
FROM order_items
GROUP BY order_id)?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 128
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
D. SELECT order_id
FROM order_items
GROUP BY order_id
HAVING SUM(unit_price*quantity) =(SELECT MAX(SUM(unit_price*quantity))
FROM order_items GROUP BY order_id)?
Answer: D
203. View the Exhibit button and examine the structures of ORDERS and ORDER_ITEMS tables.
In the ORDERS table, ORDER_ID is the PRIMARY KEY and in the ORDER_ITEMS table, ORDER_ID
and LINE_ITEM_ID form the composite primary key.
Which view can have all the DML operations performed on it?
A. CREATE VIEW V1
AS SELECT order_id, product_id
FROM order_items?
B. CREATE VIEW V4(or_no, or_date, cust_id)
AS SELECT order_id, order_date, customer_id
FROM orders
WHERE order_date < '30mar2007'
WITH CHECK OPTION?
C. CREATE VIEW V3
AS SELECT o.order_id, o.customer_id, i.product_id
FROM orders o, order_items i
WHERE o.order_id=i.order_id?
D. CREATE VIEW V2
AS SELECT order_id, line_item_id, unit_price*quantity total
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 129
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
FROM order_items?
Answer: B
204. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the EMPLOYEES table.
You want to display all employees and their managers having 100 as the MANAGER_ID. You want the
output in two columns: the first column would have the LAST_NAME of the managers and the second
column would have LAST_NAME of the employees.
Which SQL statement would you execute?
A. SELECT m.last_name "Manager", e.last_name "Employee"
FROM employees m JOIN employees e
ON m.employee_id = e.manager_id
WHERE m.manager_id=100?
B. SELECT m.last_name "Manager", e.last_name "Employee"
FROM employees m JOIN employees e
ON m.employee_id = e.manager_id
WHERE e.manager_id=100?
C. SELECT m.last_name "Manager", e.last_name "Employee"
FROM employees m JOIN employees e
ON e.employee_id = m.manager_id
WHERE m.manager_id=100?
D. SELECT m.last_name "Manager", e.last_name "Employee"
FROM employees m JOIN employees e
WHERE m.employee_id = e.manager_id AND e.manager_id=100?
Answer: B
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 130
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
205. View the Exhibit and examine the data in the LOCATIONS table.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT street_address
FROM locations
WHERE
REGEXP_INSTR(street_address,'[^[:alpha:]]') = 1?
Which statement is true regarding the output of this SQL statement?
A. It would display all the street addresses that do not have a substring 'alpha'.
B. It would display all the street addresses where the first character is a special character.
C. It would display all the street addresses where the first character is a letter of the alphabet.
D. It would display all the street addresses where the first character is not a letter of the alphabet.
Answer: D
206. View the Exhibit and examine the details of the PRODUCT_INFORMATION table.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT TO_CHAR(list_price,'$9,999')
FROM product_information?
Which two statements would be true regarding the output for this SQL statement? (Choose two.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 131
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. The LIST_PRICE column having value 1123.90 would be displayed as $1,124.
B. The LIST_PRICE column having value 1123.90 would be displayed as $1,123.
C. The LIST_PRICE column having value 11235.90 would be displayed as $1,123.
D. The LIST_PRICE column having value 11235.90 would be displayed as #######.
Answer: AD
207. You executed the following SQL statements in the given order:
CREATE TABLE orders
(order_id NUMBER(3) PRIMARY KEY,
order_date DATE,
customer_id number(3))?
INSERT INTO orders VALUES (100,'10mar2007',
222)?
ALTER TABLE orders MODIFY order_date NOT NULL?
UPDATE orders SET customer_id=333?
DELETE FROM order?
The DELETE statement results in the following error:
ERROR at line 1:
ORA00942:
table or view does not exist
What would be the outcome?
A. All the statements before the DELETE statement would be rolled back.
B. All the statements before the DELETE statement would be implicitly committed within the session.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 132
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
C. All the statements up to the ALTER TABLE statement would be committed and the outcome of
UPDATE statement would be rolled back.
D. All the statements up to the ALTER TABLE statement would be committed and the outcome of the
UPDATE statement is retained uncommitted within the session.
Answer: D
208. Which three tasks can be performed using regular expression support in Oracle Database 10g?
(Choose three.)
A. It can be used to concatenate two strings.
B. It can be used to find out the total length of the string.
C. It can be used for string manipulation and searching operations.
D. It can be used to format the output for a column or expression having string data.
E. It can be used to find and replace operations for a column or expression having string data.
Answer: CDE
209. View the Exhibit and examine the description for EMPLOYEES and DEPARTMENTS tables.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT e.department_id, e.job_id, d.location_id, sum(e.salary) total
FROM employees e JOIN departments d
ON e.department_id = d.department_id
GROUP BY CUBE (e.department_id, e.job_id, d.location_id)?
Which two statements are true regarding the output of this command? (Choose two.)
A. The output would display the total salary for all the departments.
B. The output would display the total salary for all the JOB_IDs in a department.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 133
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
C. The output would display only the grand total of the salary for all JOB_IDs in a LOCATION_ID.
D. The output would display the grand total of the salary for only the groups specified in the GROUP BY
clause.
Answer: AB
210. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the EMPLOYEES and JOB_HISTORY tables.
The query should display the employee IDs of all the employees who have held the job SA_MAN at any
time during their tenure.
Choose the correct SET operator to fill in the blank space and complete the following query.
SELECT employee_id
FROM employees
WHERE job_id = 'SA_MAN'
____________
SELECT employee_id
FROM job_history
WHERE job_id='SA_MAN'?
A. UNION
B. MINUS
C. INTERSECT
D. UNION ALL
Answer: A
211. The following are the steps for a correlated subquery, listed in random order:
1) The WHERE clause of the outer query is evaluated.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 134
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
2) The candidate row is fetched from the table specified in the outer query.
3) The procedure is repeated for the subsequent rows of the table, till all the rows are processed.
4) Rows are returned by the inner query, after being evaluated with the value from the candidate row in
the outer query.
Identify the option that contains the steps in the correct sequence in which the Oracle server evaluates a
correlated subquery.
A. 4, 2, 1, 3
B. 4, 1, 2, 3
C. 2, 4, 1, 3
D. 2, 1, 4, 3
Answer: C
212. View the Exhibit and examine DEPARTMENTS and the LOCATIONS tables.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT location_id, city
FROM locations l
WHERE NOT EXISTS (SELECT location_id
FROM departments
WHERE location_id <> l.location_id)?
This statement was written to display LOCATION_ID and CITY where there are no departments located.
Which statement is true regarding the execution and output of the command?
A. The statement would execute and would return the desired results.
B. The statement would not execute because the = comparison operator is missing in the WHERE clause
of the outer query.
C. The statement would execute but it will return zero rows because the WHERE clause in the inner query
should have the = operator instead of <>.
D. The statement would not execute because the WHERE clause in the outer query is missing the column
name for comparison with the inner query result.
Answer: C
213. Evaluate the SQL statements:
CREATE TABLE new_order
(orderno NUMBER(4),
booking_date TIMESTAMP WITH LOCAL TIME ZONE)?
The database is located in San Francisco where the time zone is 8:
00.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 135
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
The user is located in New York where the time zone is 5:
00.
A New York user inserts the following record:
INSERT INTO new_order
VALUES(1, TIMESTAMP '0070510
6:00:00 5:
00')?
Which statement is true?
A. When the New York user selects the row, booking_date is displayed as '0070510
3.00.00.000000'
B. When the New York user selects the row, booking_date is displayed as '20070510
6.00.00.000000
5:
00'.
C. When the San Francisco user selects the row, booking_date is displayed as '0070510
3.00.00.000000'
D. When the San Francisco user selects the row, booking_date is displayed as '0070510
3.00.00.000000 8:
00'
Answer: C
214. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDERS and ORDER_ITEMS tables.
In the ORDERS table, ORDER_ID is the PRIMARY KEY and ORDER_DATE has the DEFAULT value as
SYSDATE.
Evaluate the following statement:
UPDATE orders
SET order_date=DEFAULT
WHERE order_id IN (SELECT order_id FROM order_items
WHERE qty IS NULL)?
What would be the outcome of the above statement?
A. The UPDATE statement would not work because the main query and the subquery use different tables.
B. The UPDATE statement would not work because the DEFAULT value can be used only in INSERT
statements.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 136
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
C. The UPDATE statement would change all ORDER_DATE values to SYSDATE provided the current
ORDER_DATE is NOT NULL and QTY is NULL.
D. The UPDATE statement would change all the ORDER_DATE values to SYSDATE irrespective of what
the current ORDER_DATE value is for all orders where QTY is NULL.
Answer: D
215. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the PRODUCT_INFORMATION and INVENTORIES
tables.
You have a requirement from the supplies department to give a list containing PRODUCT_ID,
SUPPLIER_ID, and QUANTITY_ON_HAND for all the products wherein QUANTITY_ON_HAND is less
than five.
Which two SQL statements can accomplish the task? (Choose two.)
A. SELECT product_id, quantity_on_hand , supplier_id
FROM product_information
NATURAL JOIN inventories AND quantity_on_hand < 5?
B. SELECT i.product_id, i.quantity_on_hand , pi.supplier_id
FROM product_information pi JOIN inventories i
USING (product_id) AND quantity_on_hand < 5?
C. SELECT i.product_id, i.quantity_on_hand , pi.supplier_id
FROM product_information pi JOIN inventories i
ON (pi.product_id=i.product_id)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 137
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
WHERE quantity_on_hand < 5?
D. SELECT i.product_id, i.quantity_on_hand , pi.supplier_id
FROM product_information pi JOIN inventories i
ON (pi.product_id=i.product_id) AND quantity_on_hand < 5?
Answer: CD
216. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the PRODUCT_INFORMATION table.
You want to display the expiration date of the warranty for a product. Which SQL statement would you
execute?
A. SELECT product_id, SYSDATE + warranty_period
FROM product_information?
B. SELECT product_id, TO_YMINTERVAL(warranty_period)
FROM product_information?
C. SELECT product_id, TO_YMINTERVAL(SYSDATE) + warranty_period
FROM product_information?
D. SELECT product_id, TO_YMINTERVAL(SYSDATE + warranty_period)
FROM product_information?
Answer: A
217. Which statements are true? (Choose all that apply.)
A. The data dictionary is created and maintained by the database administrator.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 138
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
B. The data dictionary views can consist of joins of dictionary base tables and userdefined
tables.
C. The usernames of all the users including the database administrators are stored in the data dictionary.
D. The USER_CONS_COLUMNS view should be queried to find the names of the columns to which a
constraint applies.
E. Both USER_OBJECTS and CAT views provide the same information about all the objects that are
owned by the user.
F. Views with the same name but different prefixes, such as DBA, ALL and USER, use the same base
tables from the data dictionary
Answer: CDF
218. Evaluate the following query:
SELECT INTERVAL '300' MONTH,
INTERVAL '542'
YEAR TO MONTH,
INTERVAL '11:12:10.1234567' HOUR TO SECOND
FROM dual?
What is the correct output of the above query?
A. +2500
, +5402,
+00 11:12:10.123457
B. +00300,
+5402,
+00 11:12:10.123457
C. +2500
, +00650,
+00 11:12:10.123457
D. +00300
, +00650,
+00 11:12:10.123457
Answer: A
219. Which statement is true regarding Flashback Version Query?
A. It returns versions of rows only within a transaction.
B. It can be used in subqueries contained only in a SELECT statement.
C. It will return an error if the undo retention time is less than the lower bound time or SCN specified.
D. It retrieves all versions including the deleted as well as subsequently reinserted versions of the rows.
Answer: D
220. Which two statements are true? (Choose two.)
A. The USER_SYNONYMS view can provide information about private synonyms.
B. The user SYSTEM owns all the base tables and useraccessible
views of the data dictionary.
C. All the dynamic performance views prefixed with V$ are accessible to all the database users.
D. The USER_OBJECTS view can provide information about the tables and views created by the user
only.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 139
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
E. DICTIONARY is a view that contains the names of all the data dictionary views that the user can
access.
Answer: AE
221. You need to create a table for a banking application with the following considerations:
1) You want a column in the table to store the duration of the credit period.
2) The data in the column should be stored in a format such that it can be easily added and subtracted
with
3) date type data without using the conversion functions.
4) The maximum period of the credit provision in the application is 30 days.
5) The interest has to be calculated for the number of days an individual has taken a credit for.
Which data type would you use for such a column in the table?
A. INTERVAL YEAR TO MONTH
B. INTERVAL DAY TO SECOND
C. TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE
D. TIMESTAMP WITH LOCAL TIME ZONE
Answer: B
222. Which mandatory clause has to be added to the following statement to successfully create an
external table called EMPDET?
CREATE TABLE empdet
(empno CHAR(2), ename CHAR(5), deptno NUMBER(4))
ORGANIZATION EXTERNAL
(LOCATION ('emp.dat'))?
A. TYPE
B. REJECT LIMIT
C. DEFAULT DIRECTORY
D. ACCESS PARAMETERS
Answer: C
223. View the Exhibit and examine the data in ORDERS and ORDER_ITEMS tables.
You need to create a view that displays the ORDER ID, ORDER_DATE, and the total number of items in
each order.
Which CREATE VIEW statement would create the view successfully?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 140
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. CREATE OR REPLACE VIEW ord_vu (order_id,order_date)
AS SELECT o.order_id, o.order_date, COUNT(i.line_item_id)
"NO OF ITEMS"
FROM orders o JOIN order_items i
ON (o.order_id = i.order_id)
GROUP BY o.order_id,o.order_date?
B. CREATE OR REPLACE VIEW ord_vu
AS SELECT o.order_id, o.order_date, COUNT(i.line_item_id)
"NO OF ITEMS"
FROM orders o JOIN order_items i
ON (o.order_id = i.order_id)
GROUP BY o.order_id,o.order_date?
C. CREATE OR REPLACE VIEW ord_vu
AS SELECT o.order_id, o.order_date, COUNT(i.line_item_id)
FROM orders o JOIN order_items i
ON (o.order_id = i.order_id)
GROUP BY o.order_id,o.order_date?
D. CREATE OR REPLACE VIEW ord_vu
AS SELECT o.order_id, o.order_date, COUNT(i.line_item_id)||' NO OF ITEMS'
FROM orders o JOIN order_items i
ON (o.order_id = i.order_id)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 141
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
GROUP BY o.order_id,o.order_date
WITH CHECK OPTION?
Answer: B
224. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the EMPLOYEES table.
Your company decided to give a monthly bonus of $50 to all the employees who have completed five
years in the company. The following statement is written to display the LAST_NAME, DEPARTMENT_ID,
and the total annual salary:
SELECT last_name, department_id, salary+50*12 "Annual Compensation"
FROM employees
WHERE MONTHS_BETWEEN(SYSDATE, hire_date)/12 >= 5?
When you execute the statement, the "Annual Compensation" is not computed correctly. What changes
would you make to the query to calculate the annual compensation correctly?
A. Change the SELECT clause to SELECT last_name, department_id, salary*12+50 "Annual
Compensation".
B. Change the SELECT clause to SELECT last_name, department_id, salary+(50*12) "Annual
Compensation".
C. Change the SELECT clause to SELECT last_name, department_id, (salary+50)*12 "Annual
Compensation".
D. Change the SELECT clause to SELECT last_name, department_id, (salary*12)+50 "Annual
Compensation".
Answer: C
225. View the Exhibit and examine the descriptions of ORDER_ITEMS and ORDERS tables.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 142
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
You want to display the CUSTOMER_ID, PRODUCT_ID, and total (UNIT_PRICE multiplied by
QUANTITY) for the order placed. You also want to display the subtotals for a CUSTOMER_ID as well as
for a PRODUCT_ID for the last six months.
Which SQL statement would you execute to get the desired output?
A. SELECT o.customer_id, oi.product_id, SUM(oi.unit_price*oi.quantity) "Total"
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
ON oi.order_id=o.order_id
GROUP BY ROLLUP (o.customer_id,oi.product_id)
WHERE MONTHS_BETWEEN(order_date, SYSDATE) <= 6?
B. SELECT o.customer_id, oi.product_id, SUM(oi.unit_price*oi.quantity) "Total"
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
ON oi.order_id=o.order_id
GROUP BY ROLLUP (o.customer_id,oi.product_id)
HAVING MONTHS_BETWEEN(order_date, SYSDATE) <= 6?
C. SELECT o.customer_id, oi.product_id, SUM(oi.unit_price*oi.quantity) "Total"
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
ON oi.order_id=o.order_id
GROUP BY ROLLUP (o.customer_id, oi.product_id)
WHERE MONTHS_BETWEEN(order_date, SYSDATE) >= 6?
D. SELECT o.customer_id, oi.product_id, SUM(oi.unit_price*oi.quantity) "Total"
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 143
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
ON oi.order_id=o.order_id
WHERE MONTHS_BETWEEN(order_date, SYSDATE) <= 6
GROUP BY ROLLUP (o.customer_id, oi.product_id) ?
Answer: D
226. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the EMPLOYEES table.
You want to retrieve hierarchical data of the employees using the topdown
hierarchy. Which SQL clause
would let you choose the direction to walk through the hierarchy tree?
A. WHERE
B. HAVING
C. GROUP BY
D. START WITH
E. CONNECT BY PRIOR
Answer: E
227. Evaluate the following statement:
INSERT ALL
WHEN order_total < 10000 THEN
INTO small_orders
WHEN order_total > 10000 AND order_total < 20000 THEN
INTO medium_orders
WHEN order_total > 2000000 THEN
INTO large_orders
SELECT order_id, order_total, customer_id
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 144
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
FROM orders?
Which statement is true regarding the evaluation of rows returned by the subquery in the INSERT
statement?
A. They are evaluated by all the three WHEN clauses regardless of the results of the evaluation of any
other WHEN clause.
B. They are evaluated by the first WHEN clause. If the condition is true, then the row would be evaluated
by the subsequent WHEN clauses.
C. They are evaluated by the first WHEN clause. If the condition is false, then the row would be evaluated
by the subsequent WHEN clauses.
D. The INSERT statement would give an error because the ELSE clause is not present for support in case
none of the WHEN clauses are true.
Answer: A
228. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the EMPLOYEES table.
You executed the following SQL statement:
SELECT first_name, department_id, salary
FROM employees
ORDER BY department_id, first_name, salary desc?
Which two statements are true regarding the output of the above query? (Choose two.)
A. The values in all the columns would be sorted in the descending order.
B. The values in the SALARY column would be sorted in descending order for all the employees having
the same value in the DEPARTMENT_ID column.
C. The values in the FIRST_NAME column would be sorted in ascending order for all the employees
having the same value in the DEPARTMENT_ID column.
D. The values in the FIRST_NAME column would be sorted in the descending order for all the employees
having the same value in the DEPARTMENT_ID column.
E. The values in the SALARY column would be sorted in descending order for all the employees having
the same value in the DEPARTMENT_ID and FIRST_NAME column.
Answer: CE
229. EMPDET is an external table containing the columns EMPNO and ENAME. Which command would
work in relation to the EMPDET table?
A. UPDATE empdet
SET ename = 'Amit'
WHERE empno = 1234?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 145
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
B. DELETE FROM empdet
WHERE ename LIKE 'J%'?
C. CREATE VIEW empvu
AS
SELECT * FROM empdept?
D. CREATE INDEX empdet_idx
ON empdet(empno)?
Answer: C
230. View the Exhibit and examine the descriptions of the DEPT and LOCATIONS tables.
You want to update the CITY column of the DEPT table for all the rows with the corresponding value in the
CITY column of the LOCATIONS table for each department.
Which SQL statement would you execute to accomplish the task?
A. UPDATE dept d
SET city = ANY (SELECT city
FROM locations l)?
B. UPDATE dept d
SET city = (SELECT city
FROM locations l)
WHERE d.location_id = l.location_id?
C. UPDATE dept d
SET city = (SELECT city
FROM locations l
WHERE d.location_id = l.location_id)?
D. UPDATE dept d
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 146
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
SET city = ALL (SELECT city
FROM locations l
WHERE d.location_id = l.location_id)?
Answer: C
231. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the CUSTOMERS table.
You want to add a constraint on the CUST_FIRST_NAME column of the CUSTOMERS table so that the
value inserted in the column does not have numbers.
Which SQL statement would you use to accomplish the task?
A. ALTER TABLE CUSTOMERS
ADD CONSTRAINT cust_f_name
CHECK(REGEXP_LIKE(cust_first_name,'^AZ'))
NOVALIDATE ?
B. ALTER TABLE CUSTOMERS
ADD CONSTRAINT cust_f_name
CHECK(REGEXP_LIKE(cust_first_name,'^[09]'))
NOVALIDATE ?
C. ALTER TABLE CUSTOMERS
ADD CONSTRAINT cust_f_name
CHECK(REGEXP_LIKE(cust_first_name,'[[:alpha:]]'))NOVALIDATE ?
D. ALTER TABLE CUSTOMERS
ADD CONSTRAINT cust_f_name
CHECK(REGEXP_LIKE(cust_first_name,'[[:digit:]]'))NOVALIDATE ?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 147
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
Answer: C
232. Which statement is true regarding the ROLLUP operator specified in the GROUP BY clause of a
SQL statement?
A. It produces only the subtotals for the groups specified in the GROUP BY clause.
B. It produces only the grand totals for the groups specified in the GROUP BY clause.
C. It produces higherlevel
subtotals, moving from right to left through the list of grouping columns
specified in the GROUP BY clause.
D. It produces higherlevel
subtotals, moving in all the directions through the list of grouping columns
specified in the GROUP BY clause.
Answer: C
233. View the Exhibit and examine the description of EMPLOYEES and DEPARTMENTS tables.
You want to display the EMPLOYEE_ID, LAST_NAME, and SALARY for the employees who get the
maximum salary in their respective departments. The following SQL statement was written:
WITH
SELECT employee_id, last_name, salary
FROM employees
WHERE (department_id, salary) = ANY (SELECT *
FROM dept_max)
dept_max as ( SELECT d.department_id, max(salary)
FROM departments d JOIN employees j
ON (d.department_id = j.department_id)
GROUP BY d.department_id)?
Which statement is true regarding the execution and the output of this statement?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 148
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. The statement would execute and give the desired results.
B. The statement would not execute because the = ANY comparison operator is used instead of =.
C. The statement would not execute because the main query block uses the query name before it is even
created.
D. The statement would not execute because the comma is missing between the main query block and
the query name.
Answer: C
234. View the Exhibit and examine the details for the CATEGORIES_TAB table.
Evaluate the following incomplete SQL statement:
SELECT category_name,category_description
FROM categories_tab
You want to display only the rows that have 'harddisks' as part of the string in the
CATEGORY_DESCRIPTION column.
Which two WHERE clause options can give you the desired result? (Choose two.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 149
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. WHERE REGEXP_LIKE (category_description, 'hard+.s')?
B. WHERE REGEXP_LIKE (category_description, '^H|hard+.s')?
C. WHERE REGEXP_LIKE (category_description, '^H|hard+.s$')?
D. WHERE REGEXP_LIKE (category_description, '[^H|hard+.s]')?
Answer: AB
235. Evaluate the following CREATE TABLE commands:
CREATE TABLE orders
(ord_no NUMBER(2) CONSTRAINT ord_pk PRIMARY KEY,
ord_date DATE,
cust_id NUMBER(4))?
CREATE TABLE ord_items
(ord_no NUMBER(2),
item_no NUMBER(3),
qty NUMBER(3) CHECK (qty BETWEEN 100 AND 200),
expiry_date date CHECK (expiry_date > SYSDATE),
CONSTRAINT it_pk PRIMARY KEY (ord_no,item_no),
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 150
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
CONSTRAINT ord_fk FOREIGN KEY(ord_no) REFERENCES orders(ord_no))?
Why would the ORD_ITEMS table not get created?
A. SYSDATE cannot be used with the CHECK constraint.
B. The CHECK constraint cannot be used twice for the same table.
C. The BETWEEN clause cannot be used for the CHECK constraint.
D. ORD_NO and ITEM_NO cannot be used as a composite primary key because ORD_NO is also the
FOREIGN KEY.
Answer: A
236. Evaluate the following statement:
CREATE TABLE bonuses(employee_id NUMBER, bonus NUMBER DEFAULT 100)?
The details of all employees who have made sales need to be inserted into the BONUSES table. You can
obtain the list of employees who have made sales based on the SALES_REP_ID column of the ORDERS
table. The human resources manager now decides that employees with a salary of $8,000 or less should
receive a bonus. Those who have not made sales get a bonus of 1% of their salary. Those who have
made sales get a bonus of 1% of their salary and also a salary increase of 1%. The salary of each
employee can be obtained from the EMPLOYEES table.
Which option should be used to perform this task most efficiently?
A. MERGE
B. Unconditional INSERT
C. Conditional ALL INSERT
D. Conditional FIRST INSERT
Answer: A
237. Which statement is true regarding the SESSION_PRIVS dictionary view?
A. It contains the current object privileges available in the user session.
B. It contains the current system privileges available in the user session.
C. It contains the object privileges granted to other users by the current user session.
D. It contains the system privileges granted to other users by the current user session.
Answer: B
238. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the EMPLOYEES table.
You want to display the EMPLOYEE_ID, FIRST_NAME, and DEPARTMENT_ID for all the employees
who work in the same department and have the same manager as that of the employee having
EMPLOYEE_ID 104. To accomplish the task, you execute the following SQL statement:
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 151
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
SELECT employee_id, first_name, department_id
FROM employees
WHERE (manager_id, department_id) =(SELECT department_id, manager_id
FROM employees
WHERE employee_id = 104)
AND employee_id <> 104?
When you execute the statement it does not produce the desired output. What is the reason for this?
A. The WHERE clause condition in the main query is using the = comparison operator, instead of
EXISTS.
B. The WHERE clause condition in the main query is using the = comparison operator, instead of the IN
operator.
C. The WHERE clause condition in the main query is using the = comparison operator, instead of the =
ANY operator.
D. The columns in the WHERE clause condition of the main query and the columns selected in the
subquery should be in the same order.
Answer: D
239. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the EMPLOYEES and DEPARTMENTS tables.
You want to display the LAST_NAME for the employees, LAST_NAME for the manager of the employees,
and the DEPARTMENT_NAME for the employees having 100 as MANAGER_ID. The following SQL
statement was written:
SELECT m.last_name "Manager", e.last_name "Employee", department_name "Department"
FROM employees m JOIN employees e
ON (m.employee_id = e.manager_id)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 152
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
WHERE e.manager_id=100
JOIN departments d
ON (e.department_id = d.department_id)?
Which statement is true regarding the output of this SQL statement?
A. The statement would provide the desired results.
B. The statement would not execute because the ON clause is written twice.
C. The statement would not execute because the WHERE clause is wrongly placed.
D. The statement would not execute because the self join uses the ON clause instead of the USING
clause.
Answer: C
240. Which three statements are true regarding group functions? (Choose three.)
A. They can be used on columns or expressions.
B. They can be passed as an argument to another group function.
C. They can be used only with a SQL statement that has the GROUP BY clause.
D. They can be used on only one column in the SELECT clause of a SQL statement.
E. They can be used along with the singlerow
function in the SELECT clause of a SQL statement.
Answer: ABE
241. The user SCOTT who is the owner of ORDERS and ORDER_ITEMS tables issues the following
GRANT command:
GRANT ALL
ON orders, order_items
TO PUBLIC?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 153
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
What correction needs to be done to the above statement?
A. PUBLIC should be replaced with specific usernames.
B. ALL should be replaced with a list of specific privileges.
C. WITH GRANT OPTION should be added to the statement.
D. Separate GRANT statements are required for ORDERS and ORDER_ITEMS tables.
Answer: D
242. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the CUST table.
Evaluate the following SQL statements executed in the given order:
ALTER TABLE cust
ADD CONSTRAINT cust_id_pk PRIMARY KEY(cust_id) DEFERRABLE INITIALLY DEFERRED?
INSERT INTO cust VALUES (1,'RAJ')? row
1
INSERT INTO cust VALUES (1,'SAM')? row
2
COMMIT?
SET CONSTRAINT cust_id_pk IMMEDIATE?
INSERT INTO cust VALUES (1,'LATA')? row
3
INSERT INTO cust VALUES (2,'KING')? row
4
COMMIT?
Which rows would be made permanent in the CUST table?
A. row 4 only
B. rows 2 and 4
C. rows 3 and 4
D. rows 1 and 4
Answer: C
243. View the Exhibit and examine the data in ORDERS_MASTER and MONTHLY_ORDERS tables.
Evaluate the following MERGE statement:
MERGE INTO orders_master o
USING monthly_orders m
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 154
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
ON (o.order_id = m.order_id)
WHEN MATCHED THEN
UPDATE SET o.order_total = m.order_total
DELETE WHERE (m.order_total IS NULL)
WHEN NOT MATCHED THEN
INSERT VALUES (m.order_id, m.order_total)?
What would be the outcome of the above statement?
A. The ORDERS_MASTER table would contain the ORDER_IDs 1 and 2.
B. The ORDERS_MASTER table would contain the ORDER_IDs 1, 2 and 3.
C. The ORDERS_MASTER table would contain the ORDER_IDs 1, 2 and 4.
D. The ORDERS_MASTER table would contain the ORDER_IDs 1, 2, 3 and 4.
Answer: C
244. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the MARKS_DETAILS and MARKStables.
Which is the best method to load data from the MARKS_DETAILStable to the MARKStable?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 155
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. Pivoting INSERT
B. Unconditional INSERT
C. Conditional ALL INSERT
D. Conditional FIRST INSERT
Answer: A
245. Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT 2 col1,'y' col2
FROM dual
UNION
SELECT 1,'x'
FROM dual
UNION
SELECT 3,NULL
FROM dual
ORDER BY 2?
Which statement is true regarding the output of the SQL statement?
A. It would execute and the order of the values in the first column would be 3, 2, 1.
B. It would execute and the order of the values in the first column would be 1, 2, 3.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 156
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
C. It would not execute because the column alias name has not been used in the ORDER BY clause.
D. It would not execute because the number 2 in the ORDER BY clause would conflict with the value 2 in
the first SELECT statement.
Answer: B
246. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDERS table:
The ORDER_ID column has the PRIMARY KEY constraint and CUSTOMER_ID has the NOT NULL
constraint.
Evaluate the following statement:
INSERT INTO (SELECT order_id,order_date,customer_id
FROM ORDERS
WHERE order_total = 1000
WITH CHECK OPTION)
VALUES (13, SYSDATE, 101)?
What would be the outcome of the above INSERT statement?
A. It would execute successfully and the new row would be inserted into a new temporary table created by
the subquery.
B. It would execute successfully and the ORDER_TOTAL column would have the value 1000 inserted
automatically in the new row.
C. It would not execute successfully because the ORDER_TOTAL column is not specified in the SELECT
list and no value is provided for it.
D. It would not execute successfully because all the columns from the ORDERS table should have been
included in the SELECT list and values should have been provided for all the columns.
Answer: C
247. User OE, the owner of the ORDERS table, issues the following command:
GRANT SELECT ,INSERT
ON orders
TO hr
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 157
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
WITH GRANT OPTION?
The user HR issues the following command:
GRANT SELECT
ON oe.orders
TO scott?
Then, OE issues the following command:
REVOKE ALL
ON orders
FROM hr?
Which statement is correct?
A. The user SCOTT loses the privilege to select rows from OE.ORDERS.
B. The user SCOTT retains the privilege to select rows from OE.ORDERS.
C. The REVOKE statement generates an error because OE has to first revoke the SELECT privilege from
SCOTT.
D. The REVOKE statement generates an error because the ALL keyword cannot be used for privileges
that have been granted using WITH GRANT OPTION.
Answer: A
248. Which two statements are true regarding the EXISTS operator used in the correlated subqueries?
(Choose two.)
A. The outer query stops evaluating the result set of the inner query when the first value is found.
B. It is used to test whether the values retrieved by the inner query exist in the result of the outer query.
C. It is used to test whether the values retrieved by the outer query exist in the result set of the inner
query.
D. The outer query continues evaluating the result set of the inner query until all the values in the result
set are processed.
Answer: AC
249. View the Exhibit and examine the data in the DEPARTMENTS tables.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT department_id "DEPT_ID", department_name , 'b'
FROM departments
WHERE department_id=90
UNION
SELECT department_id, department_name DEPT_NAME, 'a'
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 158
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
FROM departments
WHERE department_id=10
Which two ORDER BY clauses can be used to sort the output of the above statement? (Choose two.)
A. ORDER BY 3?
B. ORDER BY 'b'?
C. ORDER BY DEPT_ID?
D. ORDER BY DEPT_NAME?
Answer: AC
250. A subquery is called a singlerow
subquery when ____.
A. the inner query returns a single value to the main query
B. the inner query uses an aggregate function and returns one or more values
C. there is only one inner query in the main query and the inner query returns one or more values
D. the inner query returns one or more values and the main query returns a single value as output
Answer: A
251. You need to load information about new customers from the NEW_CUST table into the tables CUST
and CUST_SPECIAL. If a new customer has a credit limit greater than 10,000, then the details have to be
inserted into CUST_SPECIAL. All new customer details have to be inserted into the CUST table. Which
technique should be used to load the data most efficiently?
A. external table
B. the MERGE command
C. the multitable INSERT command
D. INSERT using WITH CHECK OPTION
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 159
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
Answer: C
252. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of ORDER_ITEMS and ORDERS tables.
You need to remove from the ORDER_ITEMS table those rows that have an order status of 0 or 1 in the
ORDERS table.
Which DELETE statements are valid? (Choose all that apply.)
A. DELETE
FROM order_items
WHERE order_id IN (SELECT order_id
FROM orders
WHERE order_status in (0,1))?
B. DELETE *
FROM order_items
WHERE order_id IN (SELECT order_id
FROM orders
WHERE order_status IN (0,1))?
C. DELETE FROM order_items i
WHERE order_id = (SELECT order_id FROM orders o
WHERE i.order_id = o.order_id AND
order_status IN (0,1))?
D. DELETE
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 160
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
FROM (SELECT * FROM order_items i,orders o
WHERE i.order_id = o.order_id AND order_status IN (0,1))?
Answer: ACD
253. View the Exhibit and examine the details of the EMPLOYEES table.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT phone_number,
REGEXP_REPLACE(phone_number,'([[:digit:]]{3})\.([[:digit:]]{3})\.([[:digit:]]{4})', '(\1) \2\
3')
"PHONE NUMBER"
FROM employees?
The query was written to format the PHONE_NUMBER for the employees. Which option would be the
correct format in the output?
A. xxxxxxxxxx
B. (xxx) xxxxxxx
C. (xxx) xxxxxxx
D. xxx(
xxx)xxxx
Answer: C
254. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the CUSTOMERS table.
CUSTOMER_VU is a view based on CUSTOMERS_BR1 table which has the same structure as
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 161
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
CUSTOMERS table.
CUSTOMERS needs to be updated to reflect the latest information about the customers.
What is the error in the following MERGE statement?
MERGE INTO customers c
USING customer_vu cv
ON (c.customer_id = cv.customer_id)
WHEN MATCHED THEN
UPDATE SET
c.customer_id = cv.customer_id,
c.cust_name = cv.cust_name,
c.cust_email = cv.cust_email,
c.income_level = cv.income_level
WHEN NOT MATCHED THEN
INSERT VALUES(cv.customer_id,cv.cust_name,cv.cust_email,cv,income_level)
WHERE cv.income_level >100000?
A. The CUSTOMER_ID column cannot be updated.
B. The INTO clause is misplaced in the command.
C. The WHERE clause cannot be used with INSERT.
D. CUSTOMER_VU cannot be used as a data source.
Answer: A
255. Which two statements are true regarding the execution of the correlated subqueries? (Choose two.)
A. The nested query executes after the outer query returns the row.
B. The nested query executes first and then the outer query executes.
C. The outer query executes only once for the result returned by the inner query.
D. Each row returned by the outer query is evaluated for the results returned by the inner query.
Answer: AD
256. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the PRODUCT_INFORMATION table.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 162
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
Which two queries would work? (Choose two.)
A. SELECT product_name
FROM product_information
WHERE list_price = (SELECT AVG(list_price)
FROM product_information)?
B. SELECT product_status
FROM product_information
GROUP BY product_status
WHERE list_price < (SELECT AVG(list_price)
FROM product_information)?
C. SELECT product_status
FROM product_information
GROUP BY product_status
HAVING list_price > (SELECT AVG(list_price)
FROM product_information)?
D. SELECT product_name
FROM product_information
WHERE list_price < ANY(SELECT AVG(list_price)
FROM product_information
GROUP BY product_status)?
Answer: AD
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 163
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
257. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the EMP table.
You executed the following command to add a primary key to the EMP table:
ALTER TABLE emp
ADD CONSTRAINT emp_id_pk PRIMARY KEY (emp_id)
USING INDEX emp_id_idx?
Which statement is true regarding the effect of the command?
A. The PRIMARY KEY is created along with a new index.
B. The PRIMARY KEY is created and it would use an existing unique index.
C. The PRIMARY KEY would be created in a disabled state because it is using an existing index.
D. The statement produces an error because the USING clause is permitted only in the CREATE TABLE
command.
Answer: B
258. Evaluate the following SELECT statement and view the Exhibit to examine its output:
SELECT constraint_name, constraint_type, search_condition, r_constraint_name, delete_rule, status
FROM user_constraints
WHERE table_name = ORDERS
Which two statements are true about the output? (Choose two.)
A. In the second column, indicates a check constraint.
B. The STATUS column indicates whether the table is currently in use.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 164
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
C. The R_CONSTRAINT_NAME column gives the alternative name for the constraint.
D. The column DELETE_RULE decides the state of the related rows in the child table when the
corresponding row is deleted from the parent table.
Answer: AD
259. Evaluate the following ALTER TABLE statement:
ALTER TABLE orders
SET UNUSED order_date?
Which statement is true?
A. The DESCRIBE command would still display the ORDER_DATE column.
B. ROLLBACK can be used to get back the ORDER_DATE column in the ORDERS table.
C. The ORDER_DATE column should be empty for the ALTER TABLE command to execute successfully.
D. After executing the ALTER TABLE command, you can add a new column called ORDER_DATE to the
ORDERS table.
Answer: D
260. View the Exhibit and examine the data in the PRODUCT_INFORMATION table.
There are some products listed in the PRODUCT_INFORMATION table that have no value in the
LIST_PRICE column. You issued the following SQL statement to find out the PRODUCT_NAME for these
products:
SELECT product_name, list_price
FROM product_information
WHERE list_price = NULL?
The query returns no rows. What changes would you make in the statement to get the desired result?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 165
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. Change the WHERE clause to WHERE list_price = 0
B. Change the WHERE clause to WHERE list_price = ' '.
C. Change the WHERE clause to WHERE list_price IS NULL.
D. In the WHERE clause, enclose NULL within single quotation marks.
E. In the WHERE clause, enclose NULL within double quotation marks.
Answer: C
261. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the EMPLOYEES table.
Evaluate the following SQL statement:
SELECT employee_id, last_name, job_id, manager_id, LEVEL
FROM employees
START WITH employee_id = 101
CONNECT BY PRIOR employee_id=manager_id ?
Which two statements are true regarding the output of this command? (Choose two.)
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 166
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. The output would be in topdown
hierarchy starting with EMPLOYEE_ID having value 101.
B. The output would be in bottomup
hierarchy starting with EMPLOYEE_ID having value 101.
C. The LEVEL column displays the number of employees in the hierarchy under the employee having the
EMPLOYEE_ID 101.
D. The LEVEL column displays the level in the hierarchy at which the employee is placed under the
employee having the EMPLOYEE_ID 101.
Answer: AD
262. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the EMPLOYEES table.
You want to calculate the total remuneration for each employee. Total remuneration is the sum of the
annual salary and the percentage commission earned for a year. Only a few employees earn commission.
Which SQL statement would you execute to get the desired output?
A. SELECT first_name, salary, salary*12+salary*commission_pct "Total"
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 167
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
FROM EMPLOYEES?
B. SELECT first_name, salary, salary*12+NVL((salary*commission_pct), 0) "Total"
FROM EMPLOYEES?
C. SELECT first_name, salary, salary*12 + NVL(salary, 0)*commission_pct "Total"
FROM EMPLOYEES?
D. SELECT first_name, salary, salary*12+(salary*NVL2(commission_pct,
salary,salary+commission_pct))"Total"
FROM EMPLOYEES?
Answer: B
263. Which statement is true regarding external tables?
A. The default REJECT LIMIT for external tables is UNLIMITED.
B. The data and metadata for an external table are stored outside the database.
C. ORACLE_LOADER and ORACLE_DATAPUMP have exactly the same functionality when used with an
external table.
D. The CREATE TABLE AS SELECT statement can be used to unload data into regular table in the
database from an external table.
Answer: D
264. Which three statements are true regarding the WHERE and HAVING clauses in a SQL statement?
(Choose three.)
A. The HAVING clause conditions can have aggregate functions.
B. The HAVING clause conditions can use aliases for the columns.
C. WHERE and HAVING clauses cannot be used together in a SQL statement.
D. The WHERE clause is used to exclude rows before the grouping of data.
E. The HAVING clause is used to exclude one or more aggregated results after grouping data.
Answer: ADE
265. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the PRODUCT_INFORMATION and INVENTORIES
tables.
You want to display the quantity on hand for all the products available in the PRODUCT_INFORMATION
table that have the PRODUCT_STATUS as 'orderable'. QUANTITY_ON_HAND is a column in the
INVENTORIES table. The following SQL statement was written to accomplish the task:
SELECT pi.product_id, pi.product_status, sum(i.quantity_on_hand)
FROM product_information pi LEFT OUTER JOIN inventories i
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 168
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
ON (pi.product_id = i.product_id)
WHERE (pi.product_status = 'orderable')
GROUP BY pi.product_id, pi.product_status?
Which statement is true regarding the execution of this SQL statement?
A. The statement would execute and produce the desired output.
B. The statement would not execute because the WHERE clause is used before the GROUP BY clause.
C. The statement would not execute because prefixing table alias to column names is not allowed with the
ON clause.
D. The statement would not execute because the WHERE clause is not allowed with LEFT OUTER JOIN.
Answer: A
266. Evaluate the following SQL statement:
CREATE INDEX upper_name_idx
ON product_information(UPPER(product_name))?
Which query would use the UPPER_NAME_IDX index?
A. SELECT UPPER(product_name)
FROM product_information
WHERE product_id = 2254?
B. SELECT UPPER(product_name)
FROM product_information?
C. SELECT product_id
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 169
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
FROM product_information
WHERE UPPER(product_name) IN ('LASERPRO', 'Cable')?
D. SELECT product_id, UPPER(product_name)
FROM product_information
WHERE UPPER(product_name)='LASERPRO' OR list_price > 1000?
Answer: C
267. Given below is a list of datetime data types and examples of values stored in them in a random
order:
Datatype Example
1)INTERVAL YEAR TO MONTH a) '20030415
8:00:00 8:
00'
2)TIMESTAMP WITH LOCAL TIME ZONE b) '+06 03:30:16.000000'
3)TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE c) '17JUN03
12.00.00.000000 AM'
4)INTERVAL DAY TO SECOND d) '+0200'
Identify the option that correctly matches the data types with the values.
A. 1d,
2c,
3a,
4b
B. 1b,
2a,
3c,
4d
C. 1b,
2a,
3d,
4c
D. 1d,
2c,
3b,
4a
Answer: A
268. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the ORDERS table.
The orders in the ORDERS table are placed through sales representatives only. You are given the task to
get the SALES_REP_ID from the ORDERS table of those sales representatives who have successfully
referred more than 10 customers. Which statement would achieve this purpose?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 170
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. SELECT sales_rep_id, COUNT(customer_id) "Total"
FROM orders
HAVING COUNT(customer_id) > 10?
B. SELECT sales_rep_id, COUNT(customer_id) "Total"
FROM orders
WHERE COUNT(customer_id) > 10
GROUP BY sales_rep_id?
C. SELECT sales_rep_id, COUNT(customer_id) "Total"
FROM orders
GROUP BY sales_rep_id
HAVING total > 10?
D. SELECT sales_rep_id, COUNT(customer_id) "Total"
FROM orders
GROUP BY sales_rep_id
HAVING COUNT(customer_id) > 10?
Answer: D
269. View the Exhibit and examine the structure of the ORDERS table.
You have to display ORDER_ID, ORDER_DATE, and CUSTOMER_ID for all those orders that were
placed after the last order placed by the customer whose CUSTOMER_ID is 101.
Which query would give you the desired output?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 171
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. SELECT order_id, order_date FROM orders
WHERE order_date > ALL (SELECT MAX(order_date)
FROM orders ) AND
customer_id = 101?
B. SELECT order_id, order_date FROM orders
WHERE order_date > ANY (SELECT order_date
FROM orders
WHERE customer_id = 101)?
C. SELECT order_id, order_date FROM orders
WHERE order_date > ALL (SELECT order_date
FROM orders
WHERE customer_id = 101)?
D. SELECT order_id, order_date FROM orders
WHERE order_date IN (SELECT order_date
FROM orders
WHERE customer_id = 101)?
Answer: C
270. View the Exhibit and examine the structure for the ORDERS and ORDER_ITEMS tables.
You want to display ORDER_ID, PRODUCT_ID, and TOTAL (UNIT_PRICE multiplied by QUANTITY) for
all the orders placed in the last seven days.
Which query would you execute?
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 172
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
A. SELECT order_id, product_id, unit_price*quantity "TOTAL"
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
ON (o.order_id=oi.order_id)
WHERE o.order_date>=SYSDATE7?
B. SELECT o.order_id,oi.product_id, oi.unit_price*oi.quantity "TOTAL"
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
USING (order_id)
WHERE o.order_date>=SYSDATE7?
C. SELECT o.order_id, oi.product_id, oi.unit_price*oi.quantity "TOTAL"
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
WHERE o.order_date>=SYSDATE7
ON (o.order_id=oi.order_id)?
D. SELECT o.order_id, oi.product_id, oi.unit_price*oi.quantity "TOTAL"
FROM order_items oi JOIN orders o
ON (o.order_id=oi.order_id)
WHERE o.order_date>=SYSDATE7?
Answer: D
271. Which two statements are true regarding the types of table joins available in Oracle Database 10g?
(Choose two.)
A. You can use the JOIN clause to join only two tables.
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 173
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
B. You can explicitly provide the join condition with a NATURAL JOIN.
C. You can use the USING clause to join tables on more than one column.
D. You can use the ON clause to specify multiple conditions while joining tables.
Answer: CD
272. Which two statements are true regarding subqueries? (Choose two.)
A. The ORDER BY clause can be used in the subquery.
B. A subquery can be used in the FROM clause of a SELECT statement.
C. If the subquery returns NULL, the main query may still return result rows.
D. A subquery can be placed in a WHERE clause, GROUP BY clause, or a HAVING clause.
E. Logical operators, such as AND, OR and NOT, cannot be used in the WHERE clause of a subquery.
Answer: AB
273. Evaluate the following SQL statements in the given order:
DROP TABLE dept?
CREATE TABLE dept
(deptno NUMBER(3) PRIMARY KEY,
deptname VARCHAR2(10))?
DROP TABLE dept?
FLASHBACK TABLE dept TO BEFORE DROP?
Which statement is true regarding the above FLASHBACK operation?
A. It recovers only the first DEPT table.
B. It recovers only the second DEPT table.
C. It does not recover any of the tables because FLASHBACK is not possible in this case.
D. It recovers both the tables but the names would be changed to the ones assigned in the
RECYCLEBIN.
Answer: B
274. Given below is a list of functions and their purpose in random order.
Function Purpose
1)NVL a) Used for evaluating NOT NULL and NULL values
2)NULLIF b) Used to return the first nonnull
values in a list of expressions
3)COALESCE c) Used to compare two expressions. If both are same, it returns NULL?
otherwise, it returns only the first expression.
4)NVL2 d) Used to convert NULL values to actual values
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 174
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
Identify the correct combination of functions and their usage.
A. 1a,
2c,
3b,
4d
B. 1d,
2c,
3b,
4a
C. 1b,
2c,
3d,
4a
D. 1d,
2b,
3c,
4a
Answer: B
275. Which three statements are true regarding singlerow
functions? (Choose three.)
A. They can accept only one argument.
B. They can be nested up to only two levels.
C. They can return multiple values of more than one data type.
D. They can be used in SELECT, WHERE, and ORDER BY clauses.
E. They can modify the data type of the argument that is referenced.
F. They can accept a column name, expression, variable name, or a usersupplied
constant as
arguments.
Answer: DEF
276. View the Exhibit and examine the description of the ORDERS table.
Which two WHERE clause conditions demonstrate the correct usage of conversion functions? (Choose
two.)
A. WHERE order_date > TO_DATE('JUL 10 2006','MON DD YYYY')
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 175
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
B. WHERE TO_CHAR(order_date,'MON DD YYYY') = 'JAN 20 2003'
C. WHERE order_date > TO_CHAR(ADD_MONTHS(SYSDATE,6),'MON DD YYYY')
D. WHERE order_date IN ( TO_DATE('Oct 21 2003','Mon DD YYYY'), TO_CHAR('NOV 21 2003','Mon DD
YYYY') )
Answer: AB
277. View the Exhibit and examine the data in the CUST_DET table.
You executed the following multitable INSERT statement:
INSERT FIRST
WHEN credit_limit >= 5000 THEN
INTO cust_1 VALUES(cust_id, credit_limit, grade, gender)
WHEN grade = THE
INTO cust_2 VALUES(cust_id, credit_limit, grade, gender)
WHEN gender = THE
INTO cust_3 VALUES(cust_id, credit_limit, grade, gender)
INTO cust_4 VALUES(cust_id, credit_limit, grade, gender)
ELSE
INTO cust_5 VALUES(cust_id, credit_limit, grade, gender)
SELECT * FROM cust_det?
The row will be inserted in _______.
A. CUST_1 table only because CREDIT_LIMIT condition is satisfied
B. CUST_1 and CUST_2 tables because CREDIT_LIMIT and GRADE conditions are satisfied
C. CUST_1,CUST_2 and CUST_5 tables because CREDIT_LIMIT and GRADE conditions are satisfied
but GENDER condition is not satisfied
D. CUST_1, CUST_2 and CUST_4 tables because CREDIT_LIMIT and GRADE conditions are satisfied
for CUST_1 and CUST_2, and CUST_4 has no condition on it
Answer: A
278. Evaluate the following statements:
Testinside
| English | Chinese(Traditional) | Chinese(Simplified) | 176
TestInside
Information Co., Ltd. All rights
reserved.
CREATE TABLE digits
(id NUMBER(2),
description VARCHAR2(15))?
INSERT INTO digits VALUES (1,'ONE')?
UPDATE digits SET description ='TWO' WHERE id=1?
INSERT INTO digits VALUES (2,'TWO')?
COMMIT?
DELETE FROM digits?
SELECT description FROM digits
VERSIONS BETWEEN TIMESTAMP MINVALUE AND MAXVALUE?
What would be the outcome of the above query?
A. It would not display any values.
B. It would display the value TWO once.
C. It would display the value TWO twice.
D. It would display the values ONE, TWO, and TWO.
Answer: C
Testinside
Testinside.com was founded in 2006. The safer,easier way to help you pass any IT
Certification exams . We provide high quality IT Certification exams practice
questions and answers(Q&A). Especially Adobe, Apple, Citrix, Comptia, EMC,
HP, HuaWei, LPI, Nortel, Oracle, SUN, Vmware and so on. And help you pass
any IT Certification exams at the first try.
You can reach us at any of the email addresses listed below.
English Customer: Sales@TestInside.Com
TaiWan&HK Customer: Salestw@TestInside.Com
Chinese Customer: Salescn@TestInside.com
English Version http://www.testinside.com
Chinese (Traditional) http:// www.testinside.net
Chinese (Simplified) http:// www.testinside.cn